Table of Contents
UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
_____________________________________ FORM 10-K
(Mark one)
 ☒ ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
For the fiscal year ended July 25, 2020 or
 ☐ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____ to ____ 
Commission file number 0-18225 _____________________________________ CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. (Exact name
of Registrant as specified in its charter)
 California 77-0059951 
 -State or other jurisdiction of -IRS Employer 
 incorporation or organization Identification No. 
 170 West Tasman Drive 95134-1706 
 San Jose, California 
 -Address of principal executive offices -Zip Code 
Registrant’s telephone number, including area code: ( 408 ) 526-4000
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on which 
 Registered 
 Common Stock, par value $0.001 per CSCO The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 
 share 
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None
_____________________________________ Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known
seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. ☒ Yes ☐ No Indicate by check mark if
the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. ☐
Yes ☒ No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed
by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for
such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. ☒ Yes ☐ No Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and
posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). ☒
Yes ☐ No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated
filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the
definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company” and
“emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
 Large accelerated filer ☒ Accelerated filer ☐ 
 Non-accelerated filer ☐ -Do not check if a smaller Smaller reporting company ☐ 
 reporting company 
 Emerging growth company ☐ 
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the
extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards
provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐ Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15
U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Exchange Act). ☐ Yes ☒ No Aggregate market value of registrant’s common stock held by non-affiliates
of the registrant, based upon the closing price of a share of the registrant’s common stock on
January 24, 2020 as reported by the Nasdaq Global Select Market on that date: $ 207.1billion Number
of shares of the registrant’s common stock outstanding as of August 28, 2020: 4,233,425,297
____________________________________ DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant’s
Proxy Statement relating to the registrant’s 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be held on
December 10, 2020, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
where indicated. Table of Contents
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 1 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 11 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 29 
 Item 2. Properties 29 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 29 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 29 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer 30 
 Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 32 
 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of 33 
 Operations 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 53 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 55 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial 104 
 Disclosure 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 104 
 Item 9B. Other Information 105 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 105 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 105 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related 105 
 Stockholder Matters 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 105 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 106 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 106 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 108 
 Signatures 109 
Table of Contents This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” contains forward-looking statements
regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the
Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange
Act”). All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed
forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts,
and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our
management. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “targets,” “goals,” “projects,” “intends,”
“plans,” “believes,” "momentum," “seeks,” “estimates,” “continues,” “endeavors,” “strives,” “may,”
variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial
performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses, future responses to and effects of
the COVID-19 pandemic, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-
looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions
and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including
those identified below, under “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” and elsewhere herein. Therefore, actual
results may differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements.
We undertake no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason. PART I
 Item 1. Business 
General Cisco designs and sells a broad range of technologies that have been powering the Internet
since 1984. We are integrating intent-based technologies across networking, security, collaboration,
applications and the cloud. These technologies are designed to help our customers manage more users,
devices and things connecting to their networks. This will enable us to provide customers with a
highly secure, intelligent platform for their digital business. We conduct our business globally and
manage our business by geography. Our business is organized into the following three geographic
segments: Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); and Asia Pacific, Japan, and China
(APJC). Our products and technologies are grouped into the following categories: Infrastructure
Platforms; Applications; Security and Other Products. In addition to our product offerings, we
provide a broad range of service offerings, including technical support services and advanced
services. Increasingly, we are delivering our technologies through software and services. Our
customers include businesses of all sizes, public institutions, governments, and service providers.
These customers often look to us as a strategic partner to help them use information technology (IT)
to differentiate themselves and drive positive business outcomes. We were incorporated in California
in December 1984, and our headquarters are in San Jose, California. The mailing address of our
headquarters is 170 West Tasman Drive, San Jose, California 95134-1706, and our telephone number at
that location is (408) 526-4000. Our website is www.cisco.com. Through a link on the Investor
Relations section of our website, we make available the following filings as soon as reasonably
practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC): our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on
Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d)
of the Exchange Act. All such filings are available free of charge. The information posted on our
website is not incorporated into this report. Strategy and Priorities As our customers add billions
of new connections to their enterprises, and as more applications move to a multicloud environment,
the network becomes even more critical. Our customers are navigating change at an unprecedented pace
and our mission is to inspire new possibilities for them by helping transform their infrastructure,
expand applications and analytics, address their security needs, and empower their teams. We believe
that our customers are looking for intent-based networks that provide meaningful business value
through automation, security, and analytics across private, hybrid, and multicloud environments. Our
vision is to deliver highly secure, software-defined, automated and intelligent platforms for our
customers. We are expanding our research and development (R&D) investments in certain product areas
including cloud security, cloud collaboration, and application insights and analytics. We are
investing to optimize our product offerings for application to education, healthcare and other
specific industries. We are also making investments to enable us to increase automation and support
the customer as the workplace changes. In addition, we continue to remain focused on investments
around Software-Defined Wide Area Network (SD-WAN), multicloud environments, 5G and WiFi-6, 400G
speeds, optical networking, next generation silicon and artificial intelligence (AI). We are also
accelerating our efforts to enable the delivery of network functionality as a service. 1 Table of
Contents Transforming Infrastructure Our intent-based networking strategy began with Software-Defined
Access (SD-Access) technology, one of our leading enterprise architectures. We announced the initial
development of new network product offerings featuring our intent-based networking technology with
the launch of the Catalyst 9000 series of switches. Our intent-based networking platform is designed
to be intelligent, highly secure, powered by “intent” and informed by “context”— features aiming to
constantly learn, adapt, automate and protect in order to optimize network operations and defend
against an evolving cyber threat landscape. Our intent-based networking offerings are designed to
provide a single, highly secure network fabric that helps ensure policy consistency and network
assurance; enables faster launches of new business services; and significantly improves issue
resolution times while being open and extendable. SD-Access, built on the principles of Cisco Digital
Networking Architecture (DNA), provides what we see as a transformational shift in the building and
managing of networks. Our Catalyst 9000 series of switches represented the initial build in our
campus portfolio of our intent-based networking capabilities and provide highly differentiated
advancements in security, programmability, and performance while lowering operating costs through
innovations in hardware and software. Since the initial launch, we have continued to transform our
enterprise access portfolio by bringing together several technologies to form the only integrated,
intent-based architecture, with security at the foundation. This architecture is designed to help our
customers connect their users and devices over any network, to applications and data, no matter where
they are. We have introduced several innovations that extend our intent-based networking capabilities
to wireless and enterprise routing products, including SD-WAN and Internet of Things (IoT) edge
platforms. Our SD-WAN solutions are designed to provide direct branch to cloud connectivity, enabling
the workforce to access their software-as-a-service (SaaS) applications and workloads in an optimized
and highly secure manner. To further our innovation in this area, we are applying the latest
technologies such as machine learning and advanced analytics to operate and enhance network
capabilities. These new network product offerings are designed to enable customers to detect
cybersecurity threats, for instance in encrypted traffic. We have created what is in our view the
only network that is designed for security while maintaining privacy. Our customers are operating in
multicloud environments with private, public and hybrid clouds. For the data center, our strategy is
to deliver multicloud architectures that bring policy and operational consistency regardless of where
applications or data reside by extending our Application Centric Infrastructure (ACI) and our
hyperconverged offerings. In fiscal 2020, we announced details of our technology strategy for the
Internet for the Future aimed at addressing the broad adoption of multicloud and application
environments. We have made significant investments in the development of software, silicon and optics
— what we believe are the building blocks for the Internet for the future. We introduced Cisco
Silicon One, a single unified silicon architecture, as well as the Cisco 8000 carrier-class router
family built on Silicon One and our new operating system. Applications and Analytics In our view,
over the next several years, customers will be increasingly writing modern software applications that
can run on any hybrid cloud, and will be adding billions of connections to their environment. They
will need to be able to build applications quickly, deploy them nearly anywhere, monitor experiences,
and act in real time. We believe we are uniquely positioned to enable successful business outcomes
for customers in hybrid and multicloud environments. In our view, the network is increasingly
critical to business success and we believe our customers will benefit from the insights and
intelligence that we are making accessible through our highly differentiated platforms. As our
customers navigate the multicloud world, the need to connect new devices, protect their assets and
monitor cloud consumption, they will require advisory cloud services that are provided in a
consistent manner. We are focused on enabling simple, intelligent, automated and highly secure clouds
by delivering the infrastructure to navigate complex IT environments through our software and
subscription-based offerings including Webex, Meraki cloud networking, and certain other Security and
Application offerings. We believe that customers and partners view our approach to the cloud as
differentiated and unique, recognizing that we offer a solution for all cloud environments, including
private, hybrid and public clouds. Security is Foundational We believe data is one of our customers'
most strategic assets, and this data is increasingly distributed across every organization and
ecosystem, on customer premises, at the edge of the network, and in the cloud. As such, we believe
that security is the top IT priority for many of our customers. Our security strategy is focused on
delivering an effective cybersecurity architecture combining network, cloud and endpoint-based
solutions. Our portfolio is designed to prevent, detect, and remediate a cyber-attack and to
integrate security across networking domains. Our intent is to enable our customers to secure their
networks for a multicloud world by delivering a platform that continuously detects threats and
verifies trust. By combining a number of security technologies, we 2 Table of Contents are delivering
an end-to-end, zero-trust architecture. Additionally, through our offerings we help our customers
shorten the time between threat detection and response. Empowering Teams Our customers’
communications continue to evolve as we move to a digital, cloud-based world. As people are an
important competitive advantage for our customers, teams need effective and simple ways to work
better together and interact with their customers to build better relationships and increase
collaboration. As an example, we believe our collaboration portfolio which includes our subscription-
based Webex conferencing platform, is at the center of our customers’ strategy for enabling teams to
increase productivity. Transforming our Business Model We are transforming our offerings to meet the
evolving needs of our customers. Historically, our various networking technology products have
aligned with their respective product categories. However, increasingly our offerings are crossing
multiple product categories. As our core networking evolves, we expect we will add more common
software features across our core networking platforms. We are increasing the amount of software
offerings that we provide and the proportion of subscription software offerings. We have various
types of software arrangements including system software, on premise software, hybrid software and
SaaS offerings. In terms of monetization, our software offerings fall into the broad categories of
subscription arrangements, including SaaS and term licenses, and perpetual licenses. As part of the
transformation of our business, we continued to make strides during fiscal 2020 to develop and sell
more software and subscription-based offerings. We are also focused on the entire customer lifecycle
to drive expansion and renewals. For a discussion of the risks associated with our strategy, see
“Item 1A. Risk Factors,” including the risk factor entitled “We depend upon the development of new
products and services, and enhancements to existing products and services, and if we fail to predict
and respond to emerging technological trends and customers’ changing needs, our operating results and
market share may suffer.” For information regarding sales of our major products and services, see
Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Products and Services Our products and services are
grouped into the following categories: Infrastructure Platforms Infrastructure Platforms consist of
our core networking technologies of switching, routing, wireless, and data center products that are
designed to work together to deliver networking capabilities and transport and/or store data. These
technologies consist of both hardware and software offerings that help our customers build networks,
automate, orchestrate, integrate, and digitize data. We believe it is critical for us to continue to
deliver continuous value to our customers. We continued to make progress in shifting more of our
business to software and subscriptions across our core networking portfolio, and in expanding our
software offerings. Our objective is to continue moving to cloud-managed solutions across our
enterprise networking portfolio. We continue to expand on our intent-based infrastructure, which
focuses on simplicity, automation, and security, allowing enterprises to manage and govern the
interactions of users, devices and applications across their IT environments. We started with our
Nexus 9000 series of switches for the data center, which along with ACI provide enhancements in
security, programmability and performance while lowering operating costs. Our Cisco Catalyst 9000
series of switches were developed for security, mobility, IoT, and the cloud. These switches formed
the foundation for our leading enterprise architectures, built on the principles of Cisco DNA. We
continued to expand on this technology by extending SD-Access and Cisco DNA Center across our
enterprise networking portfolio and by extending ACI to the public and private cloud. In addition, we
now have a unified operating system and policy management platform for our enterprise networking
portfolio to drive simplicity and consistency across our customers’ networks. Our switching portfolio
encompasses campus switching as well as data center switching offerings. Our campus switching
offerings provide the foundation for converged data, voice, video, and IoT services. These switches
offer enhanced security and reliability and are designed to scale efficiently as our customers grow.
Within campus switching are our Catalyst 9000 series of switches that include hardware with embedded
software, along with a software subscription referred to as Cisco DNA. Cisco DNA provides automation,
analytics and security features and can be centrally monitored, managed, and configured. Our data
center switching offerings provide the foundation for mission critical data centers with high
availability, scalability, and security across traditional data centers and private and public cloud
data centers. We continue to add deeper and broader visibility and analytics across our networks and
applications, enabling us to deliver better experiences for our customers. Our routing portfolio
interconnects public and private wireline and mobile networks, delivering highly secure and reliable
connectivity to campus, data center and branch networks. Our routing solutions are designed to meet
the scale, reliability, and security needs of our customers. We introduced the principles of Cisco
DNA into our routing portfolio by integrating SD-WAN into our offerings. In fiscal 2020, we launched
the Cisco 8000 portfolio, a family of high density, low power next generation routing platforms
focused on our customers' evolution to support 100G and 400G connectivity speeds. 3 Table of Contents
Our Wireless portfolio provides indoor and outdoor wireless coverage designed for seamless roaming
use of voice, video, and data applications. These products include wireless access points that are
standalone, controller appliance-based, switch-converged, and Meraki cloud-managed offerings. We
expanded our capabilities to include network assurance and automation through Cisco DNA and Cisco DNA
Spaces location-based services. Our Catalyst and Meraki Wi-Fi 6-based access points are designed for
high-density public or private environments to improve speed, performance, and capacity for wireless
networking in both homes and enterprises. Our Data Center portfolio incorporates various technologies
and solutions including the Cisco Unified Computing System, our hyperconverged offering, HyperFlex,
and software management capabilities which combine computing, networking, and storage infrastructure
management and virtualization to deliver agility, simplicity and scale. These products are designed
to extend the power and simplicity of unified computing for data-intensive workloads, applications at
the edge of the network, and the next generation of distributed application architectures.
Applications The Applications product category consists primarily of software-related offerings that
utilize the core networking and data center platforms to provide their functions. Our Applications
offerings consist of both hardware and software-based solutions, including both software licenses and
software-as-a-service. Applications include our collaboration offerings (unified communications,
Cisco TelePresence and conferencing) as well as AppDynamics and IoT software offerings. Our
Collaboration strategy is to make communications more effective, comprehensive, and less complex by
creating innovative solutions through combining the power of software, hardware, and the network. We
offer end-to-end solutions which can be delivered from the cloud, premise or mixed environments, and
which integrate voice, video, and messaging on fixed and mobile networks across a wide range of
devices/endpoints such as mobile phones, tablets, desktop and laptop computers, video units, and
collaboration appliances. Our Cognitive Collaboration integrates AI and machine learning across the
Webex portfolio, bringing intelligence and context to help our customers work smarter and increase
productivity. Our Webex Cloud Contact Center solution is designed to provide the agility,
flexibility, scalability, security, efficiency and innovation in order to enable better customer
experiences for businesses and their customers. For on-premise collaboration markets, we launched
multi-party Internet Protocol (IP) Phones to extend our reach into third-party call control platforms
as well as a new series of telephony headsets which offer innovative integration with our market
leading IP phone business. Our analytics solutions seek to help businesses deliver consistently high-
quality digital experiences by connecting end-user experience and application performance to business
outcomes. Our applications monitor, correlate, analyze, and act on application performance and
business performance data in real time. This automated, cross-stack intelligence enables developers,
IT operations, and business owners to make mission critical and strategic improvements. We continue
to invest in IoT as the number of connected IoT devices continues to grow. Our Control Center
Platform enables enterprises to automate the lifecycle of connected devices, including tools designed
to automatically and remotely onboard, manage, and monetize their IoT devices. Security The Security
product category primarily includes our network security, cloud and email security, identity and
access management, advanced threat protection, and unified threat management products. Our offerings
are powered by cloud-delivered threat intelligence based on our Cisco Talos technology. All of these
products are part of our integrated cybersecurity architecture that is designed to allow our
customers to confront risks by continuously defending against threats and verifying trust, across
their environments. Regardless of size or industry, security continues to be a leading priority for
our customers as they defend against ongoing ransomware and account breaches that represent risk of
compromise and economic loss to their businesses. We continue to integrate security across our
portfolio as we believe our security solutions can help build a foundation of trust between users,
devices, and applications; across clouds, networks, and mobile workers. When targeted, our solutions
help prevent attacks by continuously detecting and remediating the most advanced threats. In fiscal
2020, we continued to invest in cloud-delivered security and extended our security platform with the
launch of SecureX. These investments included extending our zero-trust architecture with the on-going
integration of Duo Security (“Duo”) and integrating Umbrella with our SD-WAN solutions to help secure
our customer's network transformation toward a secure access service edge (SASE). Building on our
integrated architecture, we launched SecureX, a security platform that brings together the breadth of
the Cisco Security portfolio helping our customers accelerate responsiveness across the security
lifecycle. Other Products Our Other Products category primarily consists of our cloud and system
management and emerging technologies products. 4 Table of Contents Services In addition to our
product offerings, we provide a broad range of service and support options for our customers. Our
overall service and support offerings are combined into one organization, Customer Experience, that
is responsible for the end-to-end customer experience. Our support and maintenance services help our
customers ensure their products operate efficiently, remain available, and benefit from the most up-
to-date system, and application software. These services help customers protect their network
investments, manage risk, and minimize downtime for systems running mission-critical applications. A
key example is Cisco Smart Services, which leverages the intelligence from the installed base of our
products and customer connections to protect and optimize network investment for our customers and
partners. We have expanded these offerings from traditional hardware support to software, solutions,
and premium support. We also provide comprehensive advisory services that are focused on responsive,
preventive, and consultative support of our technologies for specific networking needs. We are
investing in and expanding advisory services in the areas of software, cloud, security, and
analytics, which reflects our strategy of selling customer outcomes. We are focused on three
priorities including, utilizing technology advisory services to drive higher product and services;
assessment and migration services providing the tools, expertise and methodologies to enable our
customers to migrate to new technology platforms; and providing optimization services aligned with
customers’ business expectations. Customers and Markets Many factors influence the IT, collaboration,
and networking requirements of our customers. These include the size of the organization, number and
types of technology systems, geographic location, and business applications deployed throughout the
customer’s network. Our customer base is not limited to any specific industry, geography, or market
segment. In each of the past three fiscal years, no single customer accounted for 10% or more of
revenue. Our customers primarily operate in the following markets: enterprise, commercial, service
provider, and public sector. Enterprise Enterprise businesses are large regional, national, or global
organizations with multiple locations or branch offices and typically employ 1,000 or more employees.
Many enterprise businesses have unique IT, collaboration, and networking needs within a multivendor
environment. We offer service and support packages, financing, and managed network services,
primarily through our service provider partners. We sell these products through a network of third-
party application and technology vendors and channel partners, as well as selling directly to these
customers. Commercial We define commercial businesses as organizations which typically have fewer
than 1,000 employees. We sell to the larger, or midmarket, customers within the commercial market
through a combination of our direct sales force and channel partners. These customers typically
require the latest advanced technologies that our enterprise customers demand, but with less
complexity. Small businesses, or organizations with fewer than 100 employees, require information
technologies and communication products that are easy to configure, install, and maintain. We sell to
these smaller organizations within the commercial market primarily through channel partners. Service
Providers Service providers offer data, voice, video, and mobile/wireless services to businesses,
governments, utilities, and consumers worldwide. This customer market category includes regional,
national, and international wireline carriers, web-scale operators as well as Internet, cable, and
wireless providers. We also include media, broadcast, and content providers within our service
provider market, as the lines in the telecommunications industry continue to blur between traditional
network-based, content-based and application-based services. Service providers use a variety of our
products and services for their own networks. In addition, many service providers use Cisco data
center, virtualization, and collaboration technologies to offer managed or Internet-based services to
their business customers. Compared with other customers, service providers are more likely to require
network design, deployment, and support services because of the greater scale and higher complexity
of their networks, whose requirements are addressed, we believe, by our architectural approach.
Public Sector Public sector entities include federal governments, state and local governments, as
well as educational institution customers. Many public sector entities have unique IT, collaboration,
and networking needs within a multi-vendor environment. We sell to public sector entities through a
network of third-party application and technology vendors, and channel partners, as well as through
direct sales. 5 Table of Contents Sales Overview As of the end of fiscal 2020 , our worldwide sales
and marketing functions consisted of approximately 25,800 employees, including managers, sales
representatives, and technical support personnel. We have field sales offices in 95 countries, and we
sell our products and services both directly and through a variety of channels with support from our
salesforce. A substantial portion of our products and services is sold through channel partners, and
the remainder is sold through direct sales. Channel partners include systems integrators, service
providers, other resellers, and distributors. Systems integrators and service providers typically
sell directly to end users and often provide system installation, technical support, professional
services, and other support services in addition to network equipment sales. Systems integrators also
typically integrate our products into an overall solution. Some service providers are also systems
integrators. Distributors typically hold inventory and sell to systems integrators, service
providers, and other resellers. We refer to sales through distributors as our two-tier system of
sales to the end customer. Starting in fiscal 2019, in connection with the adoption of Accounting
Standards Codification (ASC) 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , a new accounting standard
related to revenue recognition, we started recognizing revenue from two-tier distributors on a sell-
in method. Prior to this, we recognized revenue based on a sell-through method using point of sales
information provided by these distributors. These distributors are generally given business terms
that allow them to return a portion of inventory, receive credits for changes in selling prices,
receive certain rebates, and participate in various cooperative marketing programs. For information
regarding risks related to our channels, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” including the risk factors
entitled “Disruption of or changes in our distribution model could harm our sales and margins” and
“Inventory management relating to our sales to our two-tier distribution channel is complex, and
excess inventory may harm our gross margins.” For information regarding risks relating to our
international operations, see “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” including the risk factors entitled “Our
operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions and the
uncertain geopolitical environment;” “Entrance into new or developing markets exposes us to
additional competition and will likely increase demands on our service and support operations;” “Due
to the global nature of our operations, political or economic changes or other factors in a specific
country or region could harm our operating results and financial condition;” “We are exposed to
fluctuations in currency exchange rates that could negatively impact our financial results and cash
flows;” and “Cyber-attacks, data breaches or malware may disrupt our operations, harm our operating
results and financial condition, and damage our reputation, and cyber-attacks or data breaches on our
customers' networks, or in cloud-based services provided by or enabled by us, could result in claims
of liability against us, damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business,” among others. Our
service offerings complement our products through a range of consulting, technical, project, quality,
and software maintenance services, including 24-hour online and telephone support through technical
assistance centers. Financing Arrangements We provide financing arrangements for certain qualified
customers to build, maintain, and upgrade their networks. We believe customer financing is a
competitive advantage in obtaining business, particularly for those customers involved in significant
infrastructure projects. Our financing arrangements include the following:
 Leases: 
 • Sales-type 
 • Direct financing 
 • Operating 
 Loans 
 Financed service contracts 
 Channels financing arrangements 
 End-user financing arrangements 
6 Table of Contents Acquisitions, Investments, and Alliances The markets in which we compete require
a wide variety of technologies, products, and capabilities. Our growth strategy is based on the
components of innovation, which we sometimes refer to as “build, buy, partner, invest, and co-
develop”. This five-prong approach to how we innovate can be summarized as follows:
 Build Working within Cisco, with the developer community, or with customers 
 Buy Acquiring or divesting, depending on goals 
 Partner Strategically partnering to further build out the business 
 Invest Making investments in areas where technology is in its infancy or where there is no 
 dominant technology 
 Co-develop Developing new solutions with multi-party teams that may include customers, channel 
 partners, startups, independent software vendors, and academics 
Acquisitions We have acquired many companies, and we expect to make future acquisitions. Mergers and
acquisitions of high-technology companies are inherently risky, especially if the acquired company
has yet to generate revenue. No assurance can be given that our previous or future acquisitions will
be successful or will not materially adversely affect our financial condition or operating results.
Prior acquisitions have resulted in a wide range of outcomes, from successful introduction of new
products and technologies to an inability to do so. The risks associated with acquisitions are more
fully discussed in “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” including the risk factor entitled “We have made and
expect to continue to make acquisitions that could disrupt our operations and harm our operating
results.” Investments in Privately Held Companies We make investments in privately held companies
that develop technology or provide services that are complementary to our products or that provide
strategic value. The risks associated with these investments are more fully discussed in “Item 1A.
Risk Factors,” including the risk factor entitled “We are exposed to fluctuations in the market
values of our portfolio investments and in interest rates; impairment of our investments could harm
our earnings.” Strategic Alliances We pursue strategic alliances with other companies in areas where
collaboration can produce industry advancement and acceleration of new markets. The objectives and
goals of a strategic alliance can include one or more of the following: technology exchange, product
development, joint sales and marketing, or new market creation. Companies with which we have added or
expanded strategic alliances during fiscal 2020 and in recent years include Apple, Google, Microsoft,
and Amazon Web Services, among others. Companies with which we have strategic alliances in some areas
may be competitors in other areas, and in our view this trend may increase. The risks associated with
our strategic alliances are more fully discussed in “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” including the risk
factor entitled “If we do not successfully manage our strategic alliances, we may not realize the
expected benefits from such alliances and we may experience increased competition or delays in
product development.” Competition We compete in the networking and communications equipment markets,
providing products and services designed to transport, and help secure data, voice, and video traffic
across cloud, private and public networks and the Internet. These markets are characterized by rapid
change, converging technologies, and a migration to networking and communications solutions that
offer relative advantages. These market factors represent both an opportunity and a competitive
threat to us. We compete with numerous vendors in each product category. The overall number of our
competitors providing niche product solutions may increase. Also, the identity and composition of
competitors may change as we increase our activity in our new product markets. As we continue to
expand globally, we may see new competition in different geographic regions. In particular, we have
experienced price-focused competition from competitors in Asia, especially from China, and we
anticipate this will continue. Our competitors (in each case relative to only some of our products or
services) include: Amazon Web Services LLC; Arista Networks, Inc.; Broadcom Inc.; CommScope Holding
Company, Inc.; Check Point Software Technologies Ltd.; Dell Technologies Inc.; Dynatrace; F5
Networks, Inc.; FireEye, Inc.; Fortinet, Inc.; Hewlett-Packard Enterprise Company; Huawei
Technologies Co., Ltd.; Juniper Networks, Inc.; Lenovo Group Limited; LogMeIn, Inc.; Microsoft
Corporation; New Relic, Inc.; Nokia Corporation; Nutanix, Inc.; Palo Alto Networks, Inc.;
RingCentral, Inc.; Slack Technologies, Inc.; Ubiquiti Networks; VMware, Inc.; Zoom Video
Communications, Inc.; and Zscaler, Inc.; among others. 7 Table of Contents Some of these companies
compete across many of our product lines, while others are primarily focused in a specific product
area. Barriers to entry are relatively low, and new ventures to create products that do or could
compete with our products are regularly formed. In addition, some of our competitors may have greater
resources, including technical and engineering resources, than we do. As we expand into new markets,
we will face competition not only from our existing competitors but also from other competitors,
including existing companies with strong technological, marketing, and sales positions in those
markets. We also sometimes face competition from resellers and distributors of our products.
Companies with which we have strategic alliances in some areas may be competitors in other areas, and
in our view this trend may increase. For example, the enterprise data center is undergoing a
fundamental transformation arising from the convergence of technologies, including computing,
networking, storage, and software, that previously were segregated within the data center. Due to
several factors, including the availability of highly scalable and general purpose microprocessors,
application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs) offering advanced services, standards-based
protocols, cloud computing, and virtualization, the convergence of technologies within the enterprise
data center is spanning multiple, previously independent, technology segments. Also, some of our
current and potential competitors for enterprise data center business have made acquisitions, or
announced new strategic alliances, designed to position them to provide end-to-end technology
solutions for the enterprise data center. As a result of all of these developments, we face greater
competition in the development and sale of enterprise data center technologies, including competition
from entities that are among our long-term strategic alliance partners. Companies that are strategic
alliance partners in some areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors,
thereby reducing their business with us. The principal competitive factors in the markets in which we
presently compete and may compete in the future include:
 • The ability to sell successful business outcomes 
 • The ability to provide a broad range of networking and communications products and services 
 • Product performance 
 • Price 
 • The ability to introduce new products, including providing continuous new customer value and 
 products with price-performance advantages 
 • The ability to reduce production costs 
 • The ability to provide value-added features such as security, reliability, and investment 
 protection 
 • Conformance to standards 
 • Market presence 
 • The ability to provide financing 
 • Disruptive technology shifts and new business models 
We also face competition from customers to which we license or supply technology, and suppliers from
which we transfer technology. The inherent nature of networking requires interoperability. Therefore,
we must cooperate and at the same time compete with many companies. Any inability to effectively
manage these complicated relationships with customers, suppliers, and strategic alliance partners
could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition and,
accordingly affect our chances of success. Research and Development We regularly introduce new
products and features to address the requirements of our markets. We allocate our research and
development budget among our product categories, which consist of Infrastructure Platforms,
Applications, Security, and Other Product technologies. Our research and development expenditures are
applied generally to all product areas, with specific areas of focus being identified from time to
time. Recent areas of increased focus include our intent-based networking technologies (which
encompasses switching, routing, and wireless technologies within Infrastructure Platforms),
conferencing, security, and analytics products. Our expenditures for research and development costs
were expensed as incurred. The industry in which we compete is subject to rapid technological
developments, evolving standards, changes in customer requirements, and new product introductions and
enhancements. As a result, our success depends in part upon our ability, on a cost-effective and
timely basis, to continue to enhance our existing products and to develop and introduce new products
that improve performance and reduce total cost of ownership. To achieve these objectives, our
management and engineering personnel work with customers to identify and respond to customer needs,
as well as with other innovators of Internet working products, including universities, laboratories,
and corporations. We also expect to continue to make acquisitions and investments, where appropriate,
to provide us with access to new technologies. Nonetheless, there can be no assurance that we will be
able to successfully 8 Table of Contents develop products to address new customer requirements and
technological changes or that those products will achieve market acceptance. Manufacturing We rely on
contract manufacturers for our manufacturing needs. We presently use a variety of independent third-
party companies to provide services related to printed-circuit board assembly, in-circuit test,
product repair, and product assembly. Proprietary software on electronically programmable memory
chips is used to configure products that meet customer requirements and to maintain quality control
and security. The manufacturing process enables us to configure the hardware and software in unique
combinations to meet a wide variety of individual customer requirements. The manufacturing process
uses automated testing equipment and burn-in procedures, as well as comprehensive inspection,
testing, and statistical process controls, which are designed to help ensure the quality and
reliability of our products. The manufacturing processes and procedures are generally certified to
International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 9001 standards. Our arrangements with contract
manufacturers generally provide for quality, cost, and delivery requirements, as well as
manufacturing process terms, such as continuity of supply; inventory management; flexibility
regarding capacity, quality, and cost management; oversight of manufacturing; and conditions for use
of our intellectual property. We have not entered into any significant long-term contracts with any
manufacturing service provider. We generally have the option to renew arrangements on an as-needed
basis. These arrangements generally do not commit us to purchase any particular amount or any
quantities beyond amounts covered by orders or forecasts that we submit covering discrete periods of
time. Patents, Intellectual Property, and Licensing We seek to establish and maintain our proprietary
rights in our technology and products through the use of patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade
secret laws. We have a program to file applications for and obtain patents, copyrights, and
trademarks in the United States and in selected foreign countries where we believe filing for such
protection is appropriate. We also seek to maintain our trade secrets and confidential information by
nondisclosure policies and through the use of appropriate confidentiality agreements. We have
obtained a substantial number of patents and trademarks in the United States and in other countries.
There can be no assurance, however, that the rights obtained can be successfully enforced against
infringing products in every jurisdiction. Although we believe the protection afforded by our
patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secrets has value, the rapidly changing technology in the
networking industry and uncertainties in the legal process make our future success dependent
primarily on the innovative skills, technological expertise, and management abilities of our
employees rather than on the protection afforded by patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret
laws. Many of our products are designed to include software or other intellectual property licensed
from third parties. While it may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to
various aspects of our products, we believe, based upon past experience and standard industry
practice that such licenses generally could be obtained on commercially reasonable terms.
Nonetheless, there can be no assurance that the necessary licenses would be available on acceptable
terms, if at all. Our inability to obtain certain licenses or other rights or to obtain such licenses
or rights on favorable terms, or the need to engage in litigation regarding these matters, could have
a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Moreover,
inclusion in our products of software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties on a
nonexclusive basis can limit our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our products. The
industry in which we compete is characterized by rapidly changing technology, a large number of
patents, and frequent claims and related litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property
rights. There can be no assurance that our patents and other proprietary rights will not be
challenged, invalidated, or circumvented; that others will not assert intellectual property rights to
technologies that are relevant to us; or that our rights will give us a competitive advantage. In
addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same
extent as the laws of the United States. The risks associated with patents and intellectual property
are more fully discussed in “Item 1A. Risk Factors,” including the risk factors entitled “Our
proprietary rights may prove difficult to enforce,” “We may be found to infringe on intellectual
property rights of others,” and “We rely on the availability of third-party licenses.” 9 Table of
Contents Employees Employees are summarized as follows (approximate numbers):
 July 25, 2020 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Employees by geography: 
 United States 38,900 
 Rest of world 38,600 
 Total 77,500 
 Employees by line item on the Consolidated 
 Statements of Operations: 
 Cost of sales(1) 22,100 
 Research and development 22,200 
 Sales and marketing 25,800 
 General and administrative 7,400 
 Total 77,500 
(1) Cost of sales includes manufacturing support, services, and training. Information about our
Executive Officers The following table shows the name, age, and position as of August 31, 2020 of
each of our executive officers:
 Name Age Position with the Company 
 Charles H. Robbins 54 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Mark Chandler 64 Executive Vice President, Chief Legal Officer and Chief Compliance 
 Officer 
 Gerri Elliott 64 Executive Vice President and Chief Sales and Marketing Officer 
 Kelly A. Kramer 53 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 Maria Martinez 62 Executive Vice President and Chief Customer Experience Officer 
 Irving Tan 50 Executive Vice President, Chief of Operations 
Mr. Robbins has served as Chief Executive Officer since July 2015, as a member of the Board of
Directors since May 2015 and as Chairman of the Board since December 2017. He joined Cisco in
December 1997, from which time until March 2002 he held a number of managerial positions within
Cisco’s sales organization. Mr. Robbins was promoted to Vice President in March 2002, assuming
leadership of Cisco’s U.S. channel sales organization. Additionally, in July 2005 he assumed
leadership of Cisco’s Canada channel sales organization. In December 2007, Mr. Robbins was promoted
to Senior Vice President, U.S. Commercial, and in August 2009 he was appointed Senior Vice President,
U.S. Enterprise, Commercial and Canada. In July 2011, Mr. Robbins was named Senior Vice President,
Americas. In October 2012, Mr. Robbins was promoted to Senior Vice President, Worldwide Field
Operations, in which position he served until assuming the role of Chief Executive Officer. He is a
member of the board of directors of BlackRock, Inc. Mr. Chandler joined Cisco in July 1996, upon
Cisco’s acquisition of StrataCom, Inc., where he served as General Counsel. He served as Cisco’s
Managing Attorney for Europe, the Middle East, and Africa from December 1996 until June 1999; as
Director, Worldwide Legal Operations from June 1999 until February 2001; and was promoted to Vice
President, Worldwide Legal Services in February 2001. In October 2001, Mr. Chandler was promoted to
Vice President, Legal Services and General Counsel, and in May 2003 he additionally was appointed
Secretary, a position he held through November 2015. In February 2006, Mr. Chandler was promoted to
Senior Vice President, and in May 2012 he was appointed Chief Compliance Officer. In June 2018, Mr.
Chandler was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer. Before joining StrataCom,
Mr. Chandler had served as Vice President, Corporate Development and General Counsel of Maxtor
Corporation. Ms. Elliott joined Cisco in April 2018. Ms. Elliott is a former Executive Vice President
of Juniper Networks, Inc., where she served as EVP and Chief Customer Officer from March 2013 to
February 2014, EVP and Chief Sales Officer from July 2011 to March 2013 and EVP, Strategic Alliances
from June 2009 to July 2011. Before joining Juniper, Ms. Elliott held a series of senior executive
positions with Microsoft Corporation from 2001-2008 including Corporate Vice President of Microsoft’s
Industry Solutions Group, Worldwide Public Sector and North American Enterprise Sales organizations.
Prior to joining Microsoft Corporation, Ms. Elliott spent 22 years at IBM Corporation, where she held
several senior executive positions both in the U.S. and internationally. Since 2014 Ms. Elliott has
served as a director on several public company boards including Whirlpool Corporation (since 2014),
Bed Bath & Beyond, Inc. (2014-17), Imperva, Inc. (2015-18), Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (2017-18)
and Mimecast Ltd. (2017-18), 10 Table of Contents and during this period she also founded and led the
development of Broadrooms.com, an informational resource for executive women who serve or want to
serve on corporate boards in the U.S. Ms. Kramer joined Cisco in January 2012 as Senior Vice
President, Corporate Finance. She served in that position until October 2014 and served as Cisco’s
Senior Vice President, Business Technology and Operations Finance from October 2013 until December
2014. She was appointed to her current position effective January 2015. From January 2009 until she
joined Cisco, Ms. Kramer served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of GE Healthcare
Systems. Ms. Kramer served as Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of GE Healthcare Diagnostic
Imaging from August 2007 to January 2009 and as Chief Financial Officer of GE Healthcare Biosciences
from January 2006 to July 2007. Prior to that, Ms. Kramer held various leadership positions with GE
corporate and other GE businesses. She is a member of the board of directors of Gilead Sciences, Inc.
On August 12, 2020, Ms. Kramer notified Cisco of her decision to resign from Cisco. She will continue
to serve in her role until such time as a replacement is appointed. Ms. Martinez joined Cisco in
April 2018. Prior to joining Cisco, she served in a variety of senior executive roles at
Salesforce.com, inc. including President, Global Customer Success and Latin America from March 2016
to April 2018; President, Sales and Customer Success from February 2013 to March 2016; Executive Vice
President and Chief Growth Officer from February 2012 to February 2013; and Executive Vice President,
Customers for Life from February 2010 to February 2012. Ms. Martinez’s experience prior to Salesforce
includes Corporate Vice President of Worldwide Services at Microsoft Corporation, President and Chief
Executive Officer of Embrace Networks, Inc. and various senior leadership roles at Motorola, Inc. and
AT&T Inc./Bell Laboratories. Ms. Martinez is a member of the board of directors of McKesson
Corporation and was a member of the board of directors of Plantronics, Inc. from September 2015 to
April 2018. Mr. Tan joined Cisco in December 2005, serving in manager-level and director-level
positions within Cisco’s Sales and Managed Services functions until March 2008, at which time he
joined Hewlett Packard Corporation as General Manager of its Communications and Media Solutions Group
in Asia Pacific and Japan. In April 2009, Mr. Tan rejoined Cisco, serving as Sales Director in charge
of Malaysia and Singapore, and in February 2013 he was promoted to Vice President, Sales with
responsibility for the Southeast Asia region. In April 2014, Mr. Tan was promoted to Senior Vice
President, Sales with responsibility for Cisco’s APJ geography. In January 2018, Mr. Tan was promoted
to Senior Vice President, Chief of Operations, and was promoted to Executive Vice President, Chief of
Operations effective as of July 28, 2019. Mr. Tan is a member of the board of directors of Stanley
Black & Decker, Inc.
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the SEC are
descriptions of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially
from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. OUR
BUSINESS, RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION HAVE BEEN ADVERSELY AFFECTED AND COULD IN THE
FUTURE BE MATERIALLY ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC The COVID-19 pandemic and the
resulting containment measures have caused economic and financial disruptions globally, including in
most of the regions in which we sell our products and services and conduct our business operations.
In the second half of fiscal 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic had an impact on our financial results and
business operations, with a significant impact in the third quarter of fiscal 2020 on our supply
chain where we saw manufacturing challenges and component constraints. The magnitude and duration of
the disruption, its continuing impact on us, and resulting decline in global business activity is
uncertain. These disruptions include the unprecedented actions taken to try to contain the pandemic
such as travel bans and restrictions, business closures, and social distancing measures, such as
quarantines and shelter-in-place orders. The COVID-19 pandemic and the responsive measures taken in
many countries have adversely affected and could in the future materially adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition. Shelter-in-place orders and other measures,
including work-from-home and other policies implemented to protect workers, has and could in the
future impact our supply chain. Vendors may be under pressure to allocate product to certain
customers for business, regulatory or political reasons, and/or demand changes in agreed pricing as a
condition of supply. Such disruptions may continue, or worsen, in the future. In addition, current
and future restrictions or disruptions of transportation, such as reduced availability of air
transport, port closures, and increased border controls or closures, can also impact our ability to
meet customer demand and could materially adversely affect us. Our customers have also experienced,
and may continue to experience, disruptions in their operations, which can result in delayed,
reduced, or canceled orders, and increased collection risks, and which may adversely affect our
results of operations. The COVID-19 pandemic may also result in long-term changes in customer needs
for our products and services in various sectors, along with IT- 11 Table of Contents related capital
spending reductions, or shifts in spending focus, that could materially adversely affect us if we are
unable to adjust our product and service offerings to match customer needs. The recent shift to a
remote working environment also creates challenges. For example, governmental lockdowns, restrictions
or new regulations has and could in the future impact the ability of our employees and vendors to
work with the same speed and productivity in certain areas, even as other areas do not see negative
impact. The extent and/or duration of ongoing workforce restrictions and limitations could impact our
ability to enhance, develop and support existing products and services, and hold product sales and
marketing events to the extent we were able to previously. In addition, malefactors are seeking to
use the COVID-19 pandemic to launch new cyber-attacks. See the risk factors below entitled “Cyber-
attacks, data breaches or malware may disrupt our operations, harm our operating results and
financial condition, and damage our reputation, and cyber-attacks or data breaches on our customers’
networks, or in cloud-based services provided by or enabled by us, could result in claims of
liability against us, damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business” and “Vulnerabilities and
critical security defects, prioritization decisions regarding remedying vulnerabilities or security
defects, failure of third party providers to remedy vulnerabilities or security defects, or customers
not deploying security releases or deciding not to upgrade products, services or solutions could
result in claims of liability against us, damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business.” The
COVID-19 pandemic has also led to increased disruption and volatility in capital markets and credit
markets. The pandemic and resulting economic uncertainty could adversely affect our liquidity and
capital resources in the future. The inputs into certain of our judgments, assumptions, and estimates
considered the economic implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on our critical and significant
accounting estimates. The actual results that we experience may differ materially from our estimates.
As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to develop, many of our estimates could require increased judgment
and carry a higher degree of variability and volatility. As events continue to evolve our estimates
may change materially in future periods. We are continuing to monitor the pandemic and take
appropriate actions in accordance with the recommendations and requirements of relevant authorities.
The extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operational and financial performance is
currently uncertain and will depend on many factors outside our control, including, without
limitation, the timing, extent, trajectory and duration of the pandemic, the development and
availability of effective treatments and vaccines, the imposition of protective public safety
measures, and the impact of the pandemic on the global economy. Potential negative impacts of these
external factors include, but are not limited to, material adverse effects on demand for our products
and services; our supply chain and sales and distribution channels; collectability of customer
accounts; our ability to execute strategic plans; impairments; and our profitability and cost
structure. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business, results of operations
and financial condition, it may also have the effect of exacerbating the other risks discussed in
this “Risk Factors” section. OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE IN FUTURE PERIODS, WHICH MAY
ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR STOCK PRICE Our operating results have been in the past, and will continue to
be, subject to quarterly and annual fluctuations as a result of numerous factors, some of which may
contribute to more pronounced fluctuations in an uncertain global economic environment. These factors
include:
 • Fluctuations in demand for our products and services, especially with respect to service 
 providers and Internet businesses, in part due to changes in the global economic environment 
 • Changes in sales and implementation cycles for our products and reduced visibility into our 
 customers’ spending plans and associated revenue 
 • Our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels and purchase commitments 
 Price and product competition in the communications and networking industries, which can 
 • change rapidly due to technological innovation and different business models from various 
 geographic regions 
 • The overall movement toward industry consolidation among both our competitors and our 
 customers 
 The introduction and market acceptance of new technologies and products, and our success in 
 • new and evolving markets, and in emerging technologies, as well as the adoption of new 
 standards 
 • The transformation of our business to deliver more software and subscription offerings where 
 revenue is recognized over time 
 • Variations in sales channels, product costs, mix of products sold, or mix of direct sales 
 and indirect sales 
12 Table of Contents
 • The timing, size, and mix of orders from customers 
 • Manufacturing and customer lead times 
 • Fluctuations in our gross margins, and the factors that contribute to such fluctuations, as 
 described below 
 The ability of our customers, channel partners, contract manufacturers and suppliers to 
 • obtain financing or to fund capital expenditures, especially during a period of global 
 credit market disruption or in the event of customer, channel partner, contract manufacturer 
 or supplier financial problems 
 Actual events, circumstances, outcomes, and amounts differing from judgments, assumptions, 
 • and estimates used in determining the values of certain assets (including the amounts of 
 related valuation allowances), liabilities, and other items reflected in our Consolidated 
 Financial Statements 
 • How well we execute on our strategy and operating plans and the impact of changes in our 
 business model that could result in significant restructuring charges 
 • Our ability to achieve targeted cost reductions 
 • Benefits anticipated from our investments in engineering, sales, service, and marketing 
 • Changes in tax laws or accounting rules, or interpretations thereof 
As a consequence, operating results for a particular future period are difficult to predict, and,
therefore, prior results are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected in future periods.
Any of the foregoing factors, or any other factors discussed elsewhere herein, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition that could adversely
affect our stock price. OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY UNFAVORABLE ECONOMIC AND
MARKET CONDITIONS AND THE UNCERTAIN GEOPOLITICAL ENVIRONMENT Challenging economic conditions
worldwide have from time to time contributed, and may continue to contribute, to slowdowns in the
communications and networking industries at large, as well as in specific segments and markets in
which we operate, resulting in:
 Reduced demand for our products as a result of continued constraints on IT-related capital 
 • spending by our customers, particularly service providers, and other customer markets as 
 well 
 • Increased price competition for our products, not only from our competitors but also as a 
 consequence of customers disposing of unutilized products 
 • Risk of excess and obsolete inventories 
 • Risk of supply constraints 
 • Risk of excess facilities and manufacturing capacity 
 • Higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue and higher interest expense 
The global macroeconomic environment continues to be challenging and inconsistent, and is being
significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. During fiscal 2020, we continued to see a more
broad-based weakening in the global macroeconomic environment which impacted our commercial and
enterprise markets. We also experienced continuing weakness in the service provider market and
emerging countries, and we expect ongoing uncertainty in these markets. Additionally, instability in
the global credit markets, the impact of uncertainty regarding global central bank monetary policy,
the instability in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world including as a result of
the United Kingdom “Brexit” withdrawal from the European Union, the current economic challenges in
China, including global economic ramifications of Chinese economic difficulties, and other
disruptions may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. If global economic and market
conditions, or economic conditions in key markets, remain uncertain or deteriorate further, we may
experience material impacts on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 13 Table of
Contents Our operating results in one or more segments may also be affected by uncertain or changing
economic conditions particularly germane to that segment or to particular customer markets within
that segment. For example, emerging countries in the aggregate experienced a decline in product
orders in fiscal 2020, and in certain prior periods. In addition, reports of certain intelligence
gathering methods of the U.S. government could affect customers’ perception of the products of IT
companies which design and manufacture products in the United States. Trust and confidence in us as
an IT supplier is critical to the development and growth of our markets. Impairment of that trust, or
foreign regulatory actions taken in response to reports of certain intelligence gathering methods of
the U.S. government, could affect the demand for our products from customers outside of the United
States and could have an adverse effect on our operating results. WE HAVE BEEN INVESTING AND EXPECT
TO CONTINUE TO INVEST IN KEY PRIORITY AND GROWTH AREAS AS WELL AS MAINTAINING LEADERSHIP IN
INFRASTRUCTURE PLATFORMS AND IN SERVICES, AND IF THE RETURN ON THESE INVESTMENTS IS LOWER OR DEVELOPS
MORE SLOWLY THAN WE EXPECT, OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY BE HARMED We expect to realign and dedicate
resources into key priority and growth areas, such as Security and Applications, while also focusing
on maintaining leadership in Infrastructure Platforms and in Services. However, the return on our
investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect. If we do not achieve the
benefits anticipated from these investments (including if our selection of areas for investment does
not play out as we expect), or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our operating results
may be adversely affected. OUR REVENUE FOR A PARTICULAR PERIOD IS DIFFICULT TO PREDICT, AND A
SHORTFALL IN REVENUE MAY HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS As a result of a variety of factors discussed in
this report, our revenue for a particular quarter is difficult to predict, especially in light of a
challenging and inconsistent global macroeconomic environment, the significant impacts of the
COVID-19 pandemic, and related market uncertainty. During fiscal 2020, we continued to see a more
broad-based weakening in the global macroeconomic environment which impacted our commercial and
enterprise markets. We also experienced continuing weakness in the service provider market and
emerging countries, and we expect ongoing uncertainty in these markets. Our revenue may grow at a
slower rate than in past periods or decline as it did during fiscal 2020, and in certain prior
periods on a year-over-year basis. Our ability to meet financial expectations could also be adversely
affected if the nonlinear sales pattern seen in some of our past quarters recurs in future periods.
We have experienced periods of time during which shipments have exceeded net bookings or
manufacturing issues have delayed shipments, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns. In
addition to making it difficult to predict revenue for a particular period, nonlinearity in shipping
can increase costs, because irregular shipment patterns result in periods of underutilized capacity
and periods in which overtime expenses may be incurred, as well as in potential additional inventory
management-related costs. In addition, to the extent that manufacturing issues and any related
component shortages result in delayed shipments in the future, and particularly in periods in which
our contract manufacturers are operating at higher levels of capacity, it is possible that revenue
for a quarter could be adversely affected if such matters occur and are not remediated within the
same quarter. The timing of large orders can also have a significant effect on our business and
operating results from quarter to quarter, primarily in the United States and in emerging countries.
From time to time, we receive large orders that have a significant effect on our operating results in
the period in which the order is recognized as revenue. The timing of such orders is difficult to
predict, and the timing of revenue recognition from such orders may affect period to period changes
in revenue. As a result, our operating results could vary materially from quarter to quarter based on
the receipt of such orders and their ultimate recognition as revenue. Inventory management remains an
area of focus. We have experienced longer than normal manufacturing lead times in the past which have
caused some customers to place the same order multiple times within our various sales channels and to
cancel the duplicative orders upon receipt of the product, or to place orders with other vendors with
shorter manufacturing lead times. Such multiple ordering (along with other factors) or risk of order
cancellation may cause difficulty in predicting our revenue and, as a result, could impair our
ability to manage parts inventory effectively. In addition, our efforts to improve manufacturing
lead-time performance may result in more variability and less predictability in our revenue and
operating results. In addition, when facing component supply-related challenges we have increased our
efforts in procuring components in order to meet customer expectations, which in turn contribute to
an increase in purchase commitments. Increases in our purchase commitments to shorten lead times
could also lead to excess and obsolete inventory charges if the demand for our products is less than
our expectations. We plan our operating expense levels based primarily on forecasted revenue levels.
These expenses and the impact of long-term commitments are relatively fixed in the short term. A
shortfall in revenue could lead to operating results being below expectations because we may not be
able to quickly reduce these fixed expenses in response to short-term business changes. Any of the
above factors could have a material adverse impact on our operations and financial results. 14 Table
of Contents WE EXPECT GROSS MARGIN TO VARY OVER TIME, AND OUR LEVEL OF PRODUCT GROSS MARGIN MAY NOT
BE SUSTAINABLE Although our product gross margin increased in fiscal 2020, our level of product gross
margins declined in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 and have declined in certain prior periods on a
year-over-year basis, and could decline in future periods due to adverse impacts from various
factors, including:
 • Changes in customer, geographic, or product mix, including mix of configurations within each 
 product group 
 Introduction of new products, including products with price-performance advantages, and new 
 • business models including the transformation of our business to deliver more software and 
 subscription offerings 
 • Our ability to reduce production costs 
 • Entry into new markets or growth in lower margin markets, including markets with different 
 pricing and cost structures, through acquisitions or internal development 
 • Sales discounts 
 Increases in material, labor or other manufacturing-related costs, which could be 
 • significant especially during periods of supply constraints such as those impacting the 
 market for memory components 
 • Excess inventory and inventory holding charges 
 • Obsolescence charges 
 • Changes in shipment volume 
 • The timing of revenue recognition and revenue deferrals 
 Increased cost (including those caused by tariffs), loss of cost savings or dilution of 
 • savings due to changes in component pricing or charges incurred due to inventory holding 
 periods if parts ordering does not correctly anticipate product demand or if the financial 
 health of either contract manufacturers or suppliers deteriorates 
 • Lower than expected benefits from value engineering 
 • Increased price competition, including competitors from Asia, especially from China 
 • Changes in distribution channels 
 • Increased warranty costs 
 • Increased amortization of purchased intangible assets, especially from acquisitions 
 • How well we execute on our strategy and operating plans 
Changes in service gross margin may result from various factors such as changes in the mix between
technical support services and advanced services, as well as the timing of technical support service
contract initiations and renewals and the addition of personnel and other resources to support higher
levels of service business in future periods. SALES TO THE SERVICE PROVIDER MARKET ARE ESPECIALLY
VOLATILE, AND WEAKNESS IN ORDERS FROM THIS INDUSTRY MAY HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FINANCIAL
CONDITION Sales to the service provider market have been characterized by large and sporadic
purchases, especially relating to our router sales and sales of certain other Infrastructure
Platforms and Applications products, in addition to longer sales cycles. Service provider product
orders decreased during fiscal 2020 and in certain prior periods, and at various times in the past,
including in recent quarters, we have experienced significant weakness in product orders from service
providers. Product orders from the service provider market could continue to decline and, as has been
the case in the past, such weakness could persist over extended periods of time given fluctuating
market conditions. Sales activity in this industry depends upon the stage of completion of expanding
network infrastructures; the availability of funding; and the extent to which service providers are
affected by regulatory, economic, 15 Table of Contents and business conditions in the country of
operations. Weakness in orders from this industry, including as a result of any slowdown in capital
expenditures by service providers (which may be more prevalent during a global economic downturn, or
periods of economic, political or regulatory uncertainty), could have a material adverse effect on
our business, operating results, and financial condition. Such slowdowns may continue or recur in
future periods. Orders from this industry could decline for many reasons other than the
competitiveness of our products and services within their respective markets. For example, in the
past, many of our service provider customers have been materially and adversely affected by slowdowns
in the general economy, by overcapacity, by changes in the service provider market, by regulatory
developments, and by constraints on capital availability, resulting in business failures and
substantial reductions in spending and expansion plans. These conditions have materially harmed our
business and operating results in the past, and some of these or other conditions in the service
provider market could affect our business and operating results in any future period. Finally,
service provider customers typically have longer implementation cycles; require a broader range of
services, including design services; demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks; often
require acceptance provisions, which can lead to a delay in revenue recognition; and expect financing
from vendors. All these factors can add further risk to business conducted with service providers.
DISRUPTION OF OR CHANGES IN OUR DISTRIBUTION MODEL COULD HARM OUR SALES AND MARGINS If we fail to
manage distribution of our products and services properly, or if our distributors’ financial
condition or operations weaken, our revenue and gross margins could be adversely affected. A
substantial portion of our products and services is sold through our channel partners, and the
remainder is sold through direct sales. Our channel partners include systems integrators, service
providers, other resellers, and distributors. Systems integrators and service providers typically
sell directly to end users and often provide system installation, technical support, professional
services, and other support services in addition to network equipment sales. Systems integrators also
typically integrate our products into an overall solution, and a number of service providers are also
systems integrators. Distributors stock inventory and typically sell to systems integrators, service
providers, and other resellers. We refer to sales through distributors as our two-tier system of
sales to the end customer. These distributors are generally given business terms that allow them to
return a portion of inventory, receive credits for changes in selling prices, and participate in
various cooperative marketing programs. If sales through indirect channels increase, this may lead to
greater difficulty in forecasting the mix of our products and, to a degree, the timing of orders from
our customers. Historically, we have seen fluctuations in our gross margins based on changes in the
balance of our distribution channels. Although variability to date has not been significant, there
can be no assurance that changes in the balance of our distribution model in future periods would not
have an adverse effect on our gross margins and profitability. Some factors could result in
disruption of or changes in our distribution model, which could harm our sales and margins, including
the following:
 We compete with some of our channel partners, including through our direct sales, which may 
 • lead these channel partners to use other suppliers that do not directly sell their own 
 products or otherwise compete with them 
 • Some of our channel partners may demand that we absorb a greater share of the risks that 
 their customers may ask them to bear 
 • Some of our channel partners may have insufficient financial resources and may not be able 
 to withstand changes and challenges in business conditions 
 • Revenue from indirect sales could suffer if our distributors’ financial condition or 
 operations weaken 
In addition, we depend on our channel partners globally to comply with applicable regulatory
requirements. To the extent that they fail to do so, that could have a material adverse effect on our
business, operating results, and financial condition. Further, sales of our products outside of
agreed territories can result in disruption to our distribution channels. THE MARKETS IN WHICH WE
COMPETE ARE INTENSELY COMPETITIVE, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR ACHIEVEMENT OF REVENUE GROWTH The
markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid change, converging technologies, and a
migration to networking and communications solutions that offer relative advantages. These market
factors represent a competitive threat to us. We compete with numerous vendors in each product
category. The overall number of our competitors providing niche product solutions may increase. Also,
the identity and composition of competitors may change as we increase our activity in newer product
areas, and in key priority and growth areas. For example, as products related to network
programmability, such as software defined networking (SDN) products, become more prevalent, we expect
to face increased competition from companies that develop networking products based on commoditized
hardware, referred to as “white box” hardware, to the extent customers decide to purchase those
product 16 Table of Contents offerings instead of ours. In addition, the growth in demand for
technology delivered as a service enables new competitors to enter the market. As we continue to
expand globally, we may see new competition in different geographic regions. In particular, we have
experienced price-focused competition from competitors in Asia, especially from China, and we
anticipate this will continue. For information regarding our competitors, see the section entitled
“Competition” contained in Item 1. Business of this report. Some of our competitors compete across
many of our product lines, while others are primarily focused in a specific product area. Barriers to
entry are relatively low, and new ventures to create products that do or could compete with our
products are regularly formed. In addition, some of our competitors may have greater resources,
including technical and engineering resources, than we do. As we expand into new markets, we will
face competition not only from our existing competitors but also from other competitors, including
existing companies with strong technological, marketing, and sales positions in those markets. We
also sometimes face competition from resellers and distributors of our products. Companies with which
we have strategic alliances in some areas may be competitors in other areas, and in our view this
trend may increase. For example, the enterprise data center is undergoing a fundamental
transformation arising from the convergence of technologies, including computing, networking,
storage, and software, that previously were segregated. Due to several factors, including the
availability of highly scalable and general purpose microprocessors, ASICs offering advanced
services, standards based protocols, cloud computing and virtualization, the convergence of
technologies within the enterprise data center is spanning multiple, previously independent,
technology segments. Also, some of our current and potential competitors for enterprise data center
business have made acquisitions, or announced new strategic alliances, designed to position them to
provide end-to-end technology solutions for the enterprise data center. As a result of all of these
developments, we face greater competition in the development and sale of enterprise data center
technologies, including competition from entities that are among our long-term strategic alliance
partners. Companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of our business may acquire or
form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. The principal
competitive factors in the markets in which we presently compete and may compete in the future
include:
 • The ability to sell successful business outcomes 
 • The ability to provide a broad range of networking and communications products and services 
 • Product performance 
 • Price 
 • The ability to introduce new products, including providing continuous new customer value and 
 products with price-performance advantages 
 • The ability to reduce production costs 
 • The ability to provide value-added features such as security, reliability, and investment 
 protection 
 • Conformance to standards 
 • Market presence 
 • The ability to provide financing 
 • Disruptive technology shifts and new business models 
We also face competition from customers to which we license or supply technology and suppliers from
which we transfer technology. The inherent nature of networking requires interoperability. As such,
we must cooperate and at the same time compete with many companies. Any inability to effectively
manage these complicated relationships with customers, suppliers, and strategic alliance partners
could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition and
accordingly affect our chances of success. 17 Table of Contents INVENTORY MANAGEMENT RELATING TO OUR
SALES TO OUR TWO-TIER DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL IS COMPLEX, AND EXCESS INVENTORY MAY HARM OUR GROSS
MARGINS We must manage inventory relating to sales to our distributors effectively, because inventory
held by them could affect our results of operations. Our distributors may increase orders during
periods of product shortages, cancel orders if their inventory is too high, or delay orders in
anticipation of new products. They also may adjust their orders in response to the supply of our
products and the products of our competitors that are available to them, and in response to seasonal
fluctuations in end-user demand. Our distributors are generally given business terms that allow them
to return a portion of inventory, receive credits for changes in selling price, and participate in
various cooperative marketing programs. Inventory management remains an area of focus as we balance
the need to maintain strategic inventory levels to ensure competitive lead times against the risk of
inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements. When facing
component supply-related challenges, we have increased our efforts in procuring components in order
to meet customer expectations. If we ultimately determine that we have excess inventory, we may have
to reduce our prices and write down inventory, which in turn could result in lower gross margins.
SUPPLY CHAIN ISSUES, INCLUDING FINANCIAL PROBLEMS OF CONTRACT MANUFACTURERS OR COMPONENT SUPPLIERS,
OR A SHORTAGE OF ADEQUATE COMPONENT SUPPLY OR MANUFACTURING CAPACITY THAT INCREASED OUR COSTS OR
CAUSED A DELAY IN OUR ABILITY TO FULFILL ORDERS, COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE IMPACT ON OUR BUSINESS AND
OPERATING RESULTS, AND OUR FAILURE TO ESTIMATE CUSTOMER DEMAND PROPERLY MAY RESULT IN EXCESS OR
OBSOLETE COMPONENT SUPPLY, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR GROSS MARGINS The fact that we do not own
or operate the bulk of our manufacturing facilities and that we are reliant on our extended supply
chain could have an adverse impact on the supply of our products and on our business and operating
results:
 • Any financial problems of either contract manufacturers or component suppliers could either 
 limit supply or increase costs 
 • Reservation of manufacturing capacity at our contract manufacturers by other companies, 
 inside or outside of our industry, could either limit supply or increase costs 
 • Industry consolidation occurring within one or more component supplier markets, such as the 
 semiconductor market, could either limit supply or increase costs 
A reduction or interruption in supply, including disruptions on our global supply chain as a result
of the COVID-19 pandemic; a significant increase in the price of one or more components; a failure to
adequately authorize procurement of inventory by our contract manufacturers; a failure to
appropriately cancel, reschedule, or adjust our requirements based on our business needs; or a
decrease in demand for our products could materially adversely affect our business, operating
results, and financial condition and could materially damage customer relationships. Furthermore, as
a result of binding price or purchase commitments with suppliers, we may be obligated to purchase
components at prices that are higher than those available in the current market. In the event that we
become committed to purchase components at prices in excess of the current market price when the
components are actually used, our gross margins could decrease. We have experienced longer than
normal lead times in the past. Although we have generally secured additional supply or taken other
mitigation actions when significant disruptions have occurred, if similar situations occur in the
future, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and
financial condition. See the risk factor above entitled “Our revenue for a particular period is
difficult to predict, and a shortfall in revenue may harm our operating results.” Our growth and
ability to meet customer demands depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts
from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. We have experienced component shortages in the past,
including shortages caused by manufacturing process issues, that have affected our operations. We may
in the future experience a shortage of certain component parts as a result of our own manufacturing
issues, manufacturing issues at our suppliers or contract manufacturers, capacity problems
experienced by our suppliers or contract manufacturers including capacity or cost problems resulting
from industry consolidation, or strong demand in the industry for those parts. Growth in the economy
is likely to create greater pressures on us and our suppliers to accurately project overall component
demand and component demands within specific product categories and to establish optimal component
levels and manufacturing capacity, especially for labor-intensive components, components for which we
purchase a substantial portion of the supply, or the re-ramping of manufacturing capacity for highly
complex products. During periods of shortages or delays the price of components may increase, or the
components may not be available at all, and we may also encounter shortages if we do not accurately
anticipate our needs. We may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices or of
acceptable quality to build new products in a timely manner in the quantities or configurations
needed. Accordingly, our revenue and gross margins could suffer until other sources can be developed.
Our operating results would also be adversely affected if, anticipating greater demand than actually
develops, we commit to the purchase of more components than we need, which is more likely to occur in
a period of demand uncertainties such as we are currently experiencing. There can be no assurance 18
Table of Contents that we will not encounter these problems in the future. Although in many cases we
use standard parts and components for our products, certain components are presently available only
from a single source or limited sources, and a global economic downturn and related market
uncertainty could negatively impact the availability of components from one or more of these sources,
especially during times such as we have recently seen when there are supplier constraints based on
labor and other actions taken during economic downturns. We may not be able to diversify sources in a
timely manner, which could harm our ability to deliver products to customers and seriously impact
present and future sales. We believe that we may be faced with the following challenges in the
future:
 • New markets in which we participate may grow quickly, which may make it difficult to quickly 
 obtain significant component capacity 
 • As we acquire companies and new technologies, we may be dependent, at least initially, on 
 unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners 
 • We face competition for certain components that are supply-constrained, from existing 
 competitors, and companies in other markets 
Manufacturing capacity and component supply constraints could continue to be significant issues for
us. We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to
provide manufacturing services for our products. During the normal course of business, in order to
improve manufacturing lead-time performance and to help ensure adequate component supply, we enter
into agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that either allow them to procure inventory
based upon criteria as defined by us or that establish the parameters defining our requirements. In
certain instances, these agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our
requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed. When facing component
supply-related challenges we have increased our efforts in procuring components in order to meet
customer expectations, which in turn contributes to an increase in purchase commitments. Increases in
our purchase commitments to shorten lead times could also lead to excess and obsolete inventory
charges if the demand for our products is less than our expectations. If we fail to anticipate
customer demand properly, an oversupply of parts could result in excess or obsolete components that
could adversely affect our gross margins. For additional information regarding our purchase
commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. WE DEPEND UPON THE DEVELOPMENT OF NEW PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, AND ENHANCEMENTS TO EXISTING
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES, AND IF WE FAIL TO PREDICT AND RESPOND TO EMERGING TECHNOLOGICAL TRENDS AND
CUSTOMERS’ CHANGING NEEDS, OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND MARKET SHARE MAY SUFFER The markets for our
products and services are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards,
new product and service introductions, and evolving methods of building and operating networks. Our
operating results depend on our ability to develop and introduce new products and services into
existing and emerging markets and to reduce the production costs of existing products. If customers
do not purchase and/or renew our offerings our business could be harmed. The COVID-19 pandemic may
also result in long-term changes in customer needs for our products and services in various sectors,
along with IT-related capital spending reductions, or shifts in spending focus, that could materially
adversely affect us if we are unable to adjust our product and service offerings to match customer
needs. The process of developing new technology, including intent-based networking, more
programmable, flexible and virtual networks, and technology related to other market transitions— such
as security, digital transformation and IoT, and cloud— is complex and uncertain, and if we fail to
accurately predict customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends our business could be
harmed. We must commit significant resources, including the investments we have been making in our
strategic priorities to developing new products and services before knowing whether our investments
will result in products and services the market will accept. In particular, if our model of the
evolution of networking does not emerge as we believe it will, or if the industry does not evolve as
we believe it will, or if our strategy for addressing this evolution is not successful, many of our
strategic initiatives and investments may be of no or limited value. For example, if we do not
introduce products related to network programmability, such as software-defined-networking products,
in a timely fashion, or if product offerings in this market that ultimately succeed are based on
technology, or an approach to technology, that differs from ours, such as, for example, networking
products based on “white box” hardware, our business could be harmed. Similarly, our business could
be harmed if we fail to develop, or fail to develop in a timely fashion, offerings to address other
transitions, or if the offerings addressing these other transitions that ultimately succeed are based
on technology, or an approach to technology, different from ours. In addition, our business could be
adversely affected in periods surrounding our new product introductions if customers delay purchasing
decisions to qualify or otherwise evaluate the new product offerings. 19 Table of Contents We have
also been transforming our business to move from selling individual products and services to selling
products and services integrated into architectures and solutions, and we are seeking to meet the
evolving needs of customers which include offering our products and solutions in the manner in which
customers wish to consume them. As a part of this transformation, we continue to make changes to how
we are organized and how we build and deliver our technology, including changes in our business
models with customers. If our strategy for addressing our customer needs, or the architectures and
solutions we develop do not meet those needs, or the changes we are making in how we are organized
and how we build and deliver or technology is incorrect or ineffective, our business could be harmed.
Furthermore, we may not execute successfully on our vision or strategy because of challenges with
regard to product planning and timing, technical hurdles that we fail to overcome in a timely
fashion, or a lack of appropriate resources. This could result in competitors, some of which may also
be our strategic alliance partners, providing those solutions before we do and loss of market share,
revenue, and earnings. In addition, the growth in demand for technology delivered as a service
enables new competitors to enter the market. The success of new products and services depends on
several factors, including proper new product and service definition, component costs, timely
completion and introduction of these products and services, differentiation of new products and
services from those of our competitors, and market acceptance of these products and services. There
can be no assurance that we will successfully identify new product and services opportunities,
develop and bring new products and services to market in a timely manner, or achieve market
acceptance of our products and services or that products, services and technologies developed by
others will not render our products, services or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. The
products and technologies in our other product categories and key priority and growth areas may not
prove to have the market success we anticipate, and we may not successfully identify and invest in
other emerging or new products and services. CHANGES IN INDUSTRY STRUCTURE AND MARKET CONDITIONS
COULD LEAD TO CHARGES RELATED TO DISCONTINUANCES OF CERTAIN OF OUR PRODUCTS OR BUSINESSES, ASSET
IMPAIRMENTS AND WORKFORCE REDUCTIONS OR RESTRUCTURINGS In response to changes in industry and market
conditions, we may be required to strategically realign our resources and to consider restructuring,
disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses. Any resource realignment, or decision to limit
investment in or dispose of or otherwise exit businesses, may result in the recording of special
charges, such as inventory and technology-related write-offs, workforce reduction or restructuring
costs, charges relating to consolidation of excess facilities, or claims from third parties who were
resellers or users of discontinued products. Our estimates with respect to the useful life or
ultimate recoverability of our carrying basis of assets, including purchased intangible assets, could
change as a result of such assessments and decisions. Although in certain instances our supply
agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our
business needs prior to firm orders being placed, our loss contingencies may include liabilities for
contracts that we cannot cancel with contract manufacturers and suppliers. Further, our estimates
relating to the liabilities for excess facilities are affected by changes in real estate market
conditions. Additionally, we are required to perform goodwill impairment tests on an annual basis and
between annual tests in certain circumstances, and future goodwill impairment tests may result in a
charge to earnings. We initiated a restructuring plan in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, which
includes a voluntary early retirement program. The implementation of this restructuring plan may be
disruptive to our business, and following completion of the restructuring plan our business may not
be more efficient or effective than prior to implementation of the plan. Our restructuring
activities, including any related charges and the impact of the related headcount restructurings,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
OVER THE LONG TERM WE INTEND TO INVEST IN ENGINEERING, SALES, SERVICE AND MARKETING ACTIVITIES, AND
THESE INVESTMENTS MAY ACHIEVE DELAYED, OR LOWER THAN EXPECTED, BENEFITS WHICH COULD HARM OUR
OPERATING RESULTS While we intend to focus on managing our costs and expenses, over the long term, we
also intend to invest in personnel and other resources related to our engineering, sales, service and
marketing functions as we realign and dedicate resources on key priority and growth areas, such as
Security and Applications, and we also intend to focus on maintaining leadership in Infrastructure
Platforms and in Services. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments
earlier than some of the anticipated benefits, and the return on these investments may be lower, or
may develop more slowly, than we expect. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these
investments, or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our operating results may be
adversely affected. 20 Table of Contents OUR BUSINESS SUBSTANTIALLY DEPENDS UPON THE CONTINUED GROWTH
OF THE INTERNET AND INTERNET-BASED SYSTEMS A substantial portion of our business and revenue depends
on growth and evolution of the Internet, including the continued development of the Internet and the
anticipated market transitions, and on the deployment of our products by customers who depend on such
continued growth and evolution. To the extent that an economic slowdown or uncertainty and related
reduction in capital spending adversely affect spending on Internet infrastructure, including
spending or investment related to anticipated market transitions, we could experience material harm
to our business, operating results, and financial condition. Because of the rapid introduction of new
products and changing customer requirements related to matters such as cost-effectiveness and
security, we believe that there could be performance problems with Internet communications in the
future, which could receive a high degree of publicity and visibility. Because we are a large
supplier of networking products, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be
materially adversely affected, regardless of whether or not these problems are due to the performance
of our own products. Such an event could also result in a material adverse effect on the market price
of our common stock independent of direct effects on our business. WE HAVE MADE AND EXPECT TO
CONTINUE TO MAKE ACQUISITIONS THAT COULD DISRUPT OUR OPERATIONS AND HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS Our
growth depends upon market growth, our ability to enhance our existing products, and our ability to
introduce new products on a timely basis. We intend to continue to address the need to develop new
products and enhance existing products through acquisitions of other companies, product lines,
technologies, and personnel. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including the following:
 Difficulties in integrating the operations, systems, technologies, products, and personnel 
 • of the acquired companies, particularly companies with large and widespread operations 
 and/or complex products 
 • Diversion of management’s attention from normal daily operations of the business and the 
 challenges of managing larger and more widespread operations resulting from acquisitions 
 • Potential difficulties in completing projects associated with in-process research and 
 development intangibles 
 • Difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and 
 where competitors in such markets have stronger market positions 
 • Initial dependence on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners 
 • Insufficient revenue to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions 
 The potential loss of key employees, customers, distributors, vendors and other business 
 • partners of the companies we acquire following and continuing after announcement of 
 acquisition plans 
Acquisitions may also cause us to:
 • Issue common stock that would dilute our current shareholders’ percentage ownership 
 • Use a substantial portion of our cash resources, or incur debt 
 • Significantly increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements if we 
 incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition 
 • Assume liabilities 
 • Record goodwill and intangible assets that are subject to impairment testing on a regular 
 basis and potential periodic impairment charges 
 • Incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets 
 • Incur tax expenses related to the effect of acquisitions on our legal structure 
 • Incur large write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses 
21 Table of Contents
 • Become subject to intellectual property or other litigation 
Mergers and acquisitions of high-technology companies are inherently risky and subject to many
factors outside of our control, and no assurance can be given that our previous or future
acquisitions will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our business, operating
results, or financial condition. Failure to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions could
materially harm our business and operating results. Prior acquisitions have resulted in a wide range
of outcomes, from successful introduction of new products and technologies to a failure to do so.
Even when an acquired company has already developed and marketed products, there can be no assurance
that product enhancements will be made in a timely fashion or that pre-acquisition due diligence will
have identified all possible issues that might arise with respect to such products. In addition, our
effective tax rate for future periods is uncertain and could be impacted by mergers and acquisitions.
Risks related to new product development also apply to acquisitions. See the risk factors above,
including the risk factor entitled “We depend upon the development of new products and services, and
enhancements to existing products and services, and if we fail to predict and respond to emerging
technological trends and customers’ changing needs, our operating results and market share may
suffer” for additional information. ENTRANCE INTO NEW OR DEVELOPING MARKETS EXPOSES US TO ADDITIONAL
COMPETITION AND WILL LIKELY INCREASE DEMANDS ON OUR SERVICE AND SUPPORT OPERATIONS As we focus on new
market opportunities and key priority and growth areas, we will increasingly compete with large
telecommunications equipment suppliers as well as startup companies. Several of our competitors may
have greater resources, including technical and engineering resources, than we do. Additionally, as
customers in these markets complete infrastructure deployments, they may require greater levels of
service, support, and financing than we have provided in the past, especially in emerging countries.
Demand for these types of service, support, or financing contracts may increase in the future. There
can be no assurance that we can provide products, service, support, and financing to effectively
compete for these market opportunities. Further, entry into other markets has subjected and will
subject us to additional risks, particularly to those markets, including the effects of general
market conditions and reduced consumer confidence. For example, as we add direct selling capabilities
globally to meet changing customer demands, we will face increased legal and regulatory requirements.
INDUSTRY CONSOLIDATION MAY LEAD TO INCREASED COMPETITION AND MAY HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS There has
been a trend toward industry consolidation in our markets for several years. We expect this trend to
continue as companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry
and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. For example, some of our current
and potential competitors for enterprise data center business have made acquisitions, or announced
new strategic alliances, designed to position them with the ability to provide end-to-end technology
solutions for the enterprise data center. Companies that are strategic alliance partners in some
areas of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their
business with us. We believe that industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are
better able to compete as sole-source vendors for customers. This could lead to more variability in
our operating results and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results,
and financial condition. Furthermore, particularly in the service provider market, rapid
consolidation will lead to fewer customers, with the effect that loss of a major customer could have
a material impact on results not anticipated in a customer marketplace composed of more numerous
participants. PRODUCT QUALITY PROBLEMS COULD LEAD TO REDUCED REVENUE, GROSS MARGINS, AND NET INCOME
We produce highly complex products that incorporate leading-edge technology, including both hardware
and software. Software typically contains bugs that can unexpectedly interfere with expected
operations. There can be no assurance that our pre-shipment testing programs will be adequate to
detect all defects, either ones in individual products or ones that could affect numerous shipments,
which might interfere with customer satisfaction, reduce sales opportunities, or affect gross
margins. From time to time, we have had to replace certain components and provide remediation in
response to the discovery of defects or bugs in products that we had shipped. There can be no
assurance that such remediation, depending on the product involved, would not have a material impact.
An inability to cure a product defect could result in the failure of a product line, temporary or
permanent withdrawal from a product or market, damage to our reputation, inventory costs, or product
reengineering expenses, any of which could have a material impact on our revenue, margins, and net
income. For example, in the second quarter of fiscal 2017 we recorded a charge to product cost of
sales of $125 million related to the expected remediation costs for anticipated failures in future
periods of a widely-used component sourced from a third party which is included in several of our
products, and in the second quarter of fiscal 2014 we recorded a pre-tax charge of $655 million
related to the expected remediation costs for certain products sold in prior fiscal years containing
memory components manufactured by a single supplier between 2005 and 2010. 22 Table of Contents DUE
TO THE GLOBAL NATURE OF OUR OPERATIONS, POLITICAL OR ECONOMIC CHANGES OR OTHER FACTORS IN A SPECIFIC
COUNTRY OR REGION COULD HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION We conduct significant
sales and customer support operations in countries around the world. As such, our growth depends in
part on our increasing sales into emerging countries. We also depend on non-U.S. operations of our
contract manufacturers, component suppliers and distribution partners. Our business in emerging
countries in the aggregate experienced a decline in orders in fiscal 2020, and in certain prior
periods. We continue to assess the sustainability of any improvements in our business in these
countries and there can be no assurance that our investments in these countries will be successful.
Our future results could be materially adversely affected by a variety of political, economic or
other factors relating to our operations inside and outside the United States, including impacts from
global central bank monetary policy; issues related to the political relationship between the United
States and other countries that can affect regulatory matters, affect the willingness of customers in
those countries to purchase products from companies headquartered in the United States or affect our
ability to procure components if a government body were to deny us access to those components;
government-related disruptions or shutdowns; and the challenging and inconsistent global
macroeconomic environment, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating
results and financial condition, including, among others, the following:
 • Foreign currency exchange rates 
 • Political or social unrest 
 Economic instability or weakness or natural disasters in a specific country or 
 region,including the current economic challenges in China and global economic ramifications 
 of Chinese economic difficulties; instability as a result of Brexit; environmental 
 • protection measures, trade protection measures such as tariffs, and other legal and 
 regulatory requirements, some of which may affect our ability to import our products, to 
 export our products from, or sell our products in various countries or affect our ability to 
 procure components 
 • Political considerations that affect service provider and government spending patterns 
 • Health or similar issues, including pandemics or epidemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic 
 which could continue to affect customer purchasing decisions 
 • Difficulties in staffing and managing international operations 
 • Adverse tax consequences, including imposition of withholding or other taxes on our global 
 operations 
WE ARE EXPOSED TO THE CREDIT RISK OF SOME OF OUR CUSTOMERS AND TO CREDIT EXPOSURES IN WEAKENED
MARKETS, WHICH COULD RESULT IN MATERIAL LOSSES Most of our sales are on an open credit basis, with
typical payment terms of 30 days in the United States and, because of local customs or conditions,
longer in some markets outside the United States. We monitor individual customer payment capability
in granting such open credit arrangements, seek to limit such open credit to amounts we believe the
customers can pay, and maintain reserves we believe are adequate to cover exposure for doubtful
accounts. Beyond our open credit arrangements, we have also experienced demands for customer
financing and facilitation of leasing arrangements. We believe customer financing is a competitive
factor in obtaining business, particularly in serving customers involved in significant
infrastructure projects. Our loan financing arrangements may include not only financing the
acquisition of our products and services but also providing additional funds for other costs
associated with network installation and integration of our products and services. Our exposure to
the credit risks relating to our financing activities described above may increase if our customers
are adversely affected by a global economic downturn or periods of economic uncertainty. Although we
have programs in place that are designed to monitor and mitigate the associated risk, including
monitoring of particular risks in certain geographic areas, there can be no assurance that such
programs will be effective in reducing our credit risks. In the past, there have been significant
bankruptcies among customers both on open credit and with loan or lease financing arrangements,
particularly among Internet businesses and service providers, causing us to incur economic or
financial losses. There can be no assurance that additional losses will not be incurred. Although
these losses have not been material to date, future losses, if incurred, could harm our business and
have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. A portion of our
sales is derived through our distributors. These distributors are generally given business terms that
allow them to return a portion of inventory, receive credits for changes in selling prices, and
participate in various cooperative marketing programs. We maintain estimated accruals and allowances
for such business terms. However, distributors tend to have more limited financial 23 Table of
Contents resources than other resellers and end-user customers and therefore represent potential
sources of increased credit risk, because they may be more likely to lack the reserve resources to
meet payment obligations. Additionally, to the degree that turmoil in the credit markets makes it
more difficult for some customers to obtain financing, those customers’ ability to pay could be
adversely impacted, which in turn could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating
results, and financial condition. WE ARE EXPOSED TO FLUCTUATIONS IN THE MARKET VALUES OF OUR
PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS AND IN INTEREST RATES; IMPAIRMENT OF OUR INVESTMENTS COULD HARM OUR EARNINGS We
maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. Our portfolio includes
available-for-sale debt investments and equity investments, the values of which are subject to market
price volatility. If such investments suffer market price declines, as we experienced with some of
our investments in the past, we may recognize in earnings the decline in the fair value of our
investments below their cost basis. Our non-marketable equity and other investments are subject to
risk of loss of investment capital. These investments are inherently risky because the markets for
the technologies or products they have under development are typically in the early stages and may
never materialize. We could lose our entire investment in these companies. For information regarding
the market risks associated with the fair value of portfolio investments and interest rates, refer to
the section titled “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” WE ARE EXPOSED TO
FLUCTUATIONS IN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES THAT COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS AND CASH
FLOWS Because a significant portion of our business is conducted outside the United States, we face
exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates. These exposures may change over
time as business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial
results and cash flows. Historically, our primary exposures have related to nondollar-denominated
sales in Japan, Canada, and Australia and certain nondollar-denominated operating expenses and
service cost of sales in Europe, Latin America, and Asia, where we sell primarily in U.S. dollars.
Additionally, we have exposures to emerging market currencies, which can have extreme currency
volatility. An increase in the value of the dollar could increase the real cost to our customers of
our products in those markets outside the United States where we sell in dollars and a weakened
dollar could increase the cost of local operating expenses and procurement of raw materials to the
extent that we must purchase components in foreign currencies. We enter into foreign exchange forward
contracts and options to reduce the short-term impact of foreign currency fluctuations on certain
foreign currency receivables, investments, and payables. In addition, we periodically hedge
anticipated foreign currency cash flows. Our attempts to hedge against these risks may result in an
adverse impact on our net income. OUR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS MAY PROVE DIFFICULT TO ENFORCE We generally
rely on patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret laws to establish and maintain proprietary
rights in our technology and products. Although we have been issued numerous patents and other patent
applications are currently pending, there can be no assurance that any of these patents or other
proprietary rights will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented or that our rights will, in
fact, provide competitive advantages to us. Furthermore, many key aspects of networking technology
are governed by industrywide standards, which are usable by all market entrants. In addition, there
can be no assurance that patents will be issued from pending applications or that claims allowed on
any patents will be sufficiently broad to protect our technology. In addition, the laws of some
foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the
United States. The outcome of any actions taken in these foreign countries may be different than if
such actions were determined under the laws of the United States. Although we are not dependent on
any individual patents or group of patents for particular segments of the business for which we
compete, if we are unable to protect our proprietary rights to the totality of the features
(including aspects of products protected other than by patent rights) in a market, we may find
ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the substantial expense, time,
and effort required to create innovative products that have enabled us to be successful. WE MAY BE
FOUND TO INFRINGE ON INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OTHERS Third parties, including customers, have
in the past and may in the future assert claims or initiate litigation related to exclusive patent,
copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights to technologies and related standards
that are relevant to us. These assertions have increased over time as a result of our growth and the
general increase in the pace of patent claims assertions, particularly in the United States. Because
of the existence of a large number of patents in the networking field, the secrecy of some pending
patents, and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is not economically practical or even
possible to determine in advance whether a product or any of its components infringes or will
infringe on the patent rights of others. The asserted claims and/or initiated litigation can include
claims against us or our manufacturers, suppliers, or customers, alleging infringement of their
proprietary rights with respect to our existing or future products or components of those products.
Regardless of the merit of these claims, they can be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and
diversion of technical and management personnel, or require us to develop a non-infringing technology
or enter into license agreements. Where claims are made by customers, resistance 24 Table of Contents
even to unmeritorious claims could damage customer relationships. There can be no assurance that
licenses will be available on acceptable terms and conditions, if at all, or that our indemnification
by our suppliers will be adequate to cover our costs if a claim were brought directly against us or
our customers. Furthermore, because of the potential for high court awards that are not necessarily
predictable, it is not unusual to find even arguably unmeritorious claims settled for significant
amounts. If any infringement or other intellectual property claim made against us by any third party
is successful, if we are required to indemnify a customer with respect to a claim against the
customer, or if we fail to develop non-infringing technology or license the proprietary rights on
commercially reasonable terms and conditions, our business, operating results, and financial
condition could be materially and adversely affected. For additional information regarding our
indemnification obligations, see Note 14(e) to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in
this report. Our exposure to risks associated with the use of intellectual property may be increased
as a result of acquisitions, as we have a lower level of visibility into the development process with
respect to such technology or the care taken to safeguard against infringement risks. Further, in the
past, third parties have made infringement and similar claims after we have acquired technology that
had not been asserted prior to our acquisition. WE RELY ON THE AVAILABILITY OF THIRD-PARTY LICENSES
Many of our products are designed to include software or other intellectual property licensed from
third parties. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various
aspects of these products. There can be no assurance that the necessary licenses would be available
on acceptable terms, if at all. The inability to obtain certain licenses or other rights or to obtain
such licenses or rights on favorable terms, or the need to engage in litigation regarding these
matters, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial
condition. Moreover, the inclusion in our products of software or other intellectual property
licensed from third parties on a nonexclusive basis could limit our ability to protect our
proprietary rights in our products. OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED AND DAMAGE TO OUR
REPUTATION MAY OCCUR DUE TO PRODUCTION AND SALE OF COUNTERFEIT VERSIONS OF OUR PRODUCTS As is the
case with leading products around the world, our products are subject to efforts by third parties to
produce counterfeit versions of our products. While we work diligently with law enforcement
authorities in various countries to block the manufacture of counterfeit goods and to interdict their
sale, and to detect counterfeit products in customer networks, and have succeeded in prosecuting
counterfeiters and their distributors, resulting in fines, imprisonment and restitution to us, there
can be no guarantee that such efforts will succeed. While counterfeiters often aim their sales at
customers who might not have otherwise purchased our products due to lack of verifiability of origin
and service, such counterfeit sales, to the extent they replace otherwise legitimate sales, could
adversely affect our operating results. OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FUTURE PROSPECTS COULD BE
MATERIALLY HARMED BY UNCERTAINTIES OF REGULATION OF THE INTERNET Currently, few laws or regulations
apply directly to access or commerce on the Internet. We could be materially adversely affected by
regulation of the Internet and Internet commerce in any country where we operate. Such regulations
could include matters such as voice over the Internet or using IP, encryption technology, sales or
other taxes on Internet product or service sales, and access charges for Internet service providers.
The adoption of regulation of the Internet and Internet commerce could decrease demand for our
products and, at the same time, increase the cost of selling our products, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. CHANGES IN
TELECOMMUNICATIONS REGULATION AND TARIFFS COULD HARM OUR PROSPECTS AND FUTURE SALES Changes in
telecommunications requirements, or regulatory requirements in other industries in which we operate,
in the United States or other countries could affect the sales of our products. In particular, we
believe that there may be future changes in U.S. telecommunications regulations that could slow the
expansion of the service providers’ network infrastructures and materially adversely affect our
business, operating results, and financial condition, including “net neutrality” rules to the extent
they impact decisions on investment in network infrastructure. Future changes in tariffs by
regulatory agencies or application of tariff requirements to currently untariffed services could
affect the sales of our products for certain classes of customers. Additionally, in the United
States, our products must comply with various requirements and regulations of the Federal
Communications Commission and other regulatory authorities. In countries outside of the United
States, our products must meet various requirements of local telecommunications and other industry
authorities. Changes in tariffs or failure by us to obtain timely approval of products could have a
material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 25 Table of
Contents FAILURE TO RETAIN AND RECRUIT KEY PERSONNEL WOULD HARM OUR ABILITY TO MEET KEY OBJECTIVES
Our success has always depended in large part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled
technical, managerial, sales, and marketing personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense,
especially in the Silicon Valley area of Northern California. Stock incentive plans are designed to
reward employees for their long-term contributions and provide incentives for them to remain with us.
Volatility or lack of positive performance in our stock price or equity incentive awards, or changes
to our overall compensation program, including our stock incentive program, resulting from the
management of share dilution and share-based compensation expense or otherwise, may also adversely
affect our ability to retain key employees. As a result of one or more of these factors, we may
increase our hiring in geographic areas outside the United States, which could subject us to
additional geopolitical and exchange rate risk. The loss of services of any of our key personnel; the
inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the future; or delays in hiring required
personnel, particularly engineering and sales personnel, could make it difficult to meet key
objectives, such as timely and effective product introductions. In addition, companies in our
industry whose employees accept positions with competitors frequently claim that competitors have
engaged in improper hiring practices. We have received these claims in the past and may receive
additional claims to this effect in the future. ADVERSE RESOLUTION OF LITIGATION OR GOVERNMENTAL
INVESTIGATIONS MAY HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS OR FINANCIAL CONDITION We are a party to lawsuits in
the normal course of our business. Litigation can be expensive, lengthy, and disruptive to normal
business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. For
example, Brazilian authorities have investigated our Brazilian subsidiary and certain of its former
employees, as well as a Brazilian importer of our products, and its affiliates and employees,
relating to alleged evasion of import taxes and alleged improper transactions involving the
subsidiary and the importer. Brazilian tax authorities have assessed claims against our Brazilian
subsidiary based on a theory of joint liability with the Brazilian importer for import taxes,
interest, and penalties. The asserted claims by Brazilian federal tax authorities which remain are
for calendar years 2003 through 2007, and the asserted claims by the tax authorities from the state
of Sao Paulo are for calendar years 2005 through 2007. The total remaining asserted claims by
Brazilian state and federal tax authorities aggregate to $155 million for the alleged evasion of
import and other taxes, $756 million for interest, and $383 million for various penalties, all
determined using an exchange rate as of July 25, 2020 . We have completed a thorough review of the
matters and believe the asserted claims against our Brazilian subsidiary are without merit, and we
are defending the claims vigorously. While we believe there is no legal basis for the alleged
liability, due to the complexities and uncertainty surrounding the judicial process in Brazil and the
nature of the claims asserting joint liability with the importer, we are unable to determine the
likelihood of an unfavorable outcome against our Brazilian subsidiary and are unable to reasonably
estimate a range of loss, if any. We do not expect a final judicial determination for several years.
An unfavorable resolution of lawsuits or governmental investigations could have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. For additional information
regarding certain of the matters in which we are involved, see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, subsection (f) “Legal Proceedings.” CHANGES IN OUR PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES OR ADVERSE
OUTCOMES RESULTING FROM EXAMINATION OF OUR INCOME TAX RETURNS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS Our
provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by earnings being
lower than anticipated in countries that have lower tax rates and higher than anticipated in
countries that have higher tax rates; by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and
liabilities; by changes to domestic manufacturing deduction, foreign-derived intangible income,
global intangible low-tax income and base erosion and anti-abuse tax laws, regulations, or
interpretations thereof; by expiration of or lapses in tax incentives; by transfer pricing
adjustments, including the effect of acquisitions on our legal structure; by tax effects of
nondeductible compensation; by tax costs related to intercompany realignments; by changes in
accounting principles; or by changes in tax laws and regulations, treaties, or interpretations
thereof, including changes to the taxation of earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, the deductibility
of expenses attributable to foreign income, and the foreign tax credit rules. Significant judgment is
required to determine the recognition and measurement attribute prescribed in the accounting guidance
for uncertainty in income taxes. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD),
an international association comprised of 37 countries, including the United States, has made changes
to numerous long-standing tax principles. There can be no assurance that these changes, once adopted
by countries, will not have an adverse impact on our provision for income taxes. Further, as a result
of certain of our ongoing employment and capital investment actions and commitments, our income in
certain countries was subject to reduced tax rates. Our failure to meet these commitments could
adversely impact our provision for income taxes. In addition, we are subject to the continuous
examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We
regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine
the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from
these continuous examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial
condition. 26 Table of Contents OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS ARE ESPECIALLY SUBJECT TO THE RISKS OF
EARTHQUAKES, FLOODS, AND OTHER NATURAL CATASTROPHIC EVENTS Our corporate headquarters, including
certain of our research and development operations are located in the Silicon Valley area of Northern
California, a region known for seismic activity. Additionally, a certain number of our facilities are
located near rivers that have experienced flooding in the past. Also certain of our suppliers and
logistics centers are located in regions that have been or may be affected by earthquake, tsunami and
flooding activity which in the past has disrupted, and in the future could disrupt, the flow of
components and delivery of products. A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, a
hurricane, volcano, or a flood, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating
results, and financial condition. CYBER-ATTACKS, DATA BREACHES OR MALWARE MAY DISRUPT OUR OPERATIONS,
HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION, AND DAMAGE OUR REPUTATION, AND CYBER-ATTACKS OR
DATA BREACHES ON OUR CUSTOMERS’ NETWORKS, OR IN CLOUD-BASED SERVICES PROVIDED BY OR ENABLED BY US,
COULD RESULT IN CLAIMS OF LIABILITY AGAINST US, DAMAGE OUR REPUTATION OR OTHERWISE HARM OUR BUSINESS
Despite our implementation of security measures, the products and services we sell to customers, and
our servers, data centers and the cloud-based solutions on which our data, and data of our customers,
suppliers and business partners are stored, are vulnerable to cyber-attacks, data breaches, malware,
and similar disruptions from unauthorized access or tampering by malicious actors or inadvertent
error. Any such event could compromise our products, services, and networks or those of our
customers, and the information stored on our systems or those of our customers could be improperly
accessed, processed, disclosed, lost or stolen, which could subject us to liability to our customers,
suppliers, business partners and others, give rise to legal/regulatory action, and could have a
material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition and may cause
damage to our reputation. Efforts to limit the ability of malicious actors to disrupt the operations
of the Internet or undermine our own security efforts may be costly to implement and meet with
resistance, and may not be successful. Breaches of security in our customers’ networks, or in cloud-
based services provided by or enabled by us, regardless of whether the breach is attributable to a
vulnerability in our products or services, could result in claims of liability against us, damage our
reputation or otherwise harm our business. VULNERABILITIES AND CRITICAL SECURITY DEFECTS,
PRIORITIZATION DECISIONS REGARDING REMEDYING VULNERABILITIES OR SECURITY DEFECTS, FAILURE OF THIRD
PARTY PROVIDERS TO REMEDY VULNERABILITIES OR SECURITY DEFECTS, OR CUSTOMERS NOT DEPLOYING SECURITY
RELEASES OR DECIDING NOT TO UPGRADE PRODUCTS, SERVICES OR SOLUTIONS COULD RESULT IN CLAIMS OF
LIABILITY AGAINST US, DAMAGE OUR REPUTATION OR OTHERWISE HARM OUR BUSINESS The products and services
we sell to customers, and our cloud-based solutions, inevitably contain vulnerabilities or critical
security defects which have not been remedied and cannot be disclosed without compromising security.
We may also make prioritization decisions in determining which vulnerabilities or security defects to
fix, and the timing of these fixes, which could result in an exploit which compromises security.
Customers also need to test security releases before they can be deployed which can delay
implementation. In addition, we rely on third-party providers of software and cloud-based service and
we cannot control the rate at which they remedy vulnerabilities. Customers may also not deploy a
security release, or decide not to upgrade to the latest versions of our products, services or cloud-
based solutions containing the release, leaving them vulnerable. Vulnerabilities and critical
security defects, prioritization errors in remedying vulnerabilities or security defects, failure of
third-party providers to remedy vulnerabilities or security defects, or customers not deploying
security releases or deciding not to upgrade products, services or solutions could result in claims
of liability against us, damage our reputation or otherwise harm our business. TERRORISM AND OTHER
EVENTS MAY HARM OUR BUSINESS, OPERATING RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION The continued threat of
terrorism and heightened security and military action in response to this threat, or any future acts
of terrorism, may cause further disruptions to the economies of the United States and other countries
and create further uncertainties or otherwise materially harm our business, operating results, and
financial condition. Likewise, events such as loss of infrastructure and utilities services such as
energy, transportation, or telecommunications could have similar negative impacts. To the extent that
such disruptions or uncertainties result in delays or cancellations of customer orders or the
manufacture or shipment of our products, our business, operating results, and financial condition
could be materially and adversely affected. IF WE DO NOT SUCCESSFULLY MANAGE OUR STRATEGIC ALLIANCES,
WE MAY NOT REALIZE THE EXPECTED BENEFITS FROM SUCH ALLIANCES AND WE MAY EXPERIENCE INCREASED
COMPETITION OR DELAYS IN PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT We have several strategic alliances with large and
complex organizations and other companies with which we work to offer complementary products and
services and in the past have established a joint venture to market services associated with our
Cisco Unified Computing System products. These arrangements are generally limited to specific
projects, the goal of which is generally to facilitate product compatibility and adoption of industry
standards. There can be no assurance we will realize the expected 27 Table of Contents benefits from
these strategic alliances or from the joint venture. If successful, these relationships may be
mutually beneficial and result in industry growth. However, alliances carry an element of risk
because, in most cases, we must compete in some business areas with a company with which we have a
strategic alliance and, at the same time, cooperate with that company in other business areas. Also,
if these companies fail to perform or if these relationships fail to materialize as expected, we
could suffer delays in product development or other operational difficulties. Joint ventures can be
difficult to manage, given the potentially different interests of joint venture partners. OUR STOCK
PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE Historically, our common stock has experienced substantial price volatility,
particularly as a result of variations between our actual financial results and the published
expectations of analysts and as a result of announcements by our competitors and us. Furthermore,
speculation in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition,
results of operations, business, security of our products, or significant transactions can cause
changes in our stock price. In addition, the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume
fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies, in particular, and
that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. These factors, as
well as general economic and political conditions and the announcement of proposed and completed
acquisitions or other significant transactions, or any difficulties associated with such
transactions, by us or our current or potential competitors, may materially adversely affect the
market price of our common stock in the future. Additionally, volatility, lack of positive
performance in our stock price or changes to our overall compensation program, including our stock
incentive program, may adversely affect our ability to retain key employees, virtually all of whom
are compensated, in part, based on the performance of our stock price. THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT
OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION WILL NOT BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY OUR INCURRENCE OF
DEBT As of the end of fiscal 2020, we have senior unsecured notes outstanding in an aggregate
principal amount of $14.5 billion that mature at specific dates from calendar year 2021 through 2040.
We have also established a commercial paper program under which we may issue short-term, unsecured
commercial paper notes on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at
any time of $10.0 billion , and we had no commercial paper notes outstanding under this program as of
July 25, 2020 . The outstanding senior unsecured notes bear fixed-rate interest payable semiannually.
The fair value of the long-term debt is subject to market interest rate volatility. The instruments
governing the senior unsecured notes contain certain covenants applicable to us and our wholly-owned
subsidiaries that may adversely affect our ability to incur certain liens or engage in certain types
of sale and leaseback transactions. In addition, we will be required to have available in the United
States sufficient cash to service the interest on our debt and repay all of our notes on maturity.
There can be no assurance that our incurrence of this debt or any future debt will be a better means
of providing liquidity to us than would our use of our existing cash resources. Further, we cannot be
assured that our maintenance of this indebtedness or incurrence of future indebtedness will not
adversely affect our operating results or financial condition. In addition, changes by any rating
agency to our credit rating can negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity
securities, as well as the terms upon which we may borrow under our commercial paper program or
future debt issuances. 28 Table of Contents
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
None.
 Item 2. Properties 
Our corporate headquarters are located at an owned site in San Jose, California, in the United States
of America. The locations of our headquarters by geographic segment are as follows:
 Americas EMEA APJC 
 San Jose, California, USA Amsterdam, Netherlands Singapore 
In addition to our headquarters site, we own additional sites in the United States, which include
facilities in the surrounding areas of San Jose, California; Research Triangle Park, North Carolina;
Richardson, Texas; Lawrenceville, Georgia; and Boxborough, Massachusetts. We also own land for
expansion in some of these locations. In addition, we lease office space in many U.S. locations.
Outside the United States our operations are conducted primarily in leased sites. Other significant
sites (in addition to the two non-U.S. headquarters locations) are located in Australia, Belgium,
Canada, China, Germany, India, Japan, Mexico, Poland, and the United Kingdom. We believe that our
existing facilities, including both owned and leased, are in good condition and suitable for the
conduct of our business.
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, see Note 14 “Commitments and
Contingencies - (f) Legal Proceedings” of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in
Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference.
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
Not applicable. 29 Table of Contents PART II
 Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases 
 of Equity Securities 
 Cisco common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol CSCO. 
 (a) Information regarding quarterly cash dividends declared on Cisco’s common stock duringfiscal 
 2020and2019may be found in Supplementary Financial Data on page 104 of this report. There 
 were 37,920registered shareholders as ofAugust 28, 2020. 
 (b) None. 
 (c) Issuer purchases of equity securities (in millions, except per-share amounts): 
 Total Number of  
 Shares Approximate 
 Purchased as  Dollar Value of 
 Part of Shares 
 Total Publicly That May Yet Be 
 Number of Average Price  Announced Purchased 
 Shares Paid Plans or Under the Plans 
 Period Purchased per Share Programs or Programs 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 April 26, 2020 — $ — — $ 10,841 
 to May 23, 2020 
 May 24, 2020 to — $ — — $ 10,841 
 June 20, 2020 
 June 21, 2020 
 to July 25, — $ — — $ 10,841 
 2020 
 Total — $ — — 
On September 13, 2001, we announced that our Board of Directors had authorized a stock repurchase
program. As of July 25, 2020 , the remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under this
program, including the additional authorization, is approximately $10.8 billion with no termination
date. For the majority of restricted stock units granted, the number of shares issued on the date the
restricted stock units vest is net of shares withheld to meet applicable tax withholding
requirements. Although these withheld shares are not issued or considered common stock repurchases
under our stock repurchase program and therefore are not included in the preceding table, they are
treated as common stock repurchases in our financial statements as they reduce the number of shares
that would have been issued upon vesting (see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). 30
Table of Contents Stock Performance Graph The information contained in this Stock Performance Graph
section shall not be deemed to be “soliciting material” or “filed” or incorporated by reference in
future filings with the SEC, or subject to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, except to the extent that Cisco specifically incorporates it by reference into a
document filed under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The following
graph shows a five-year comparison of the cumulative total shareholder return on Cisco common stock
with the cumulative total returns of the S&P 500 Index, and the S&P Information Technology Index. The
graph tracks the performance of a $100 investment in the Company’s common stock and in each of the
indexes (with the reinvestment of all dividends) on the date specified. Shareholder returns over the
indicated period are based on historical data and should not be considered indicative of future
shareholder returns. Comparison of 5-Year Cumulative Total Return Among Cisco Systems, Inc., the S&P
500 Index, and the S&P Information Technology Index
 July July July July 
 2015 2016 July 2017 2018 July 2019 2020 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Cisco 
 System… $ 100.00 $ 111.26 $ 118.93 $ 165.80 $ 226.27 $ 191.66 
 Inc. 
 S&P 500 $ 100.00 $ 106.87 $ 124.10 $ 144.26 $ 158.02 $ 171.27 
 S&P 
 Inform… $ 100.00 $ 110.10 $ 143.32 $ 185.90 $ 216.69 $ 280.40 
 Techno… 
31 Table of Contents
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
Five Years Ended July 25, 2020 (in millions, except per-share amounts)
 Years July 25, July 27, July 28, July 29, July 30, 
 Ended 2020 2019(1)(2) 2018(1)(3) 2017 2016(4)(5) 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Revenue $ 49,301 $ 51,904 $ 49,330 $ 48,005 $ 49,247 
 Net income $ 11,214 $ 11,621 $ 110 $ 9,609 $ 10,739 
 Net income 
 per $ 2.65 $ 2.63 $ 0.02 $ 1.92 $ 2.13 
 share—bas… 
 Net income 
 per $ 2.64 $ 2.61 $ 0.02 $ 1.90 $ 2.11 
 share—dil… 
 Shares 
 used in 4,236 4,419 4,837 5,010 5,053 
 per-share 
 calculati… 
 Shares 
 used in 4,254 4,453 4,881 5,049 5,088 
 per-share 
 calculati… 
 Cash 
 dividends 
 declared $ 1.42 $ 1.36 $ 1.24 $ 1.10 $ 0.94 
 per common 
 share 
 Net cash 
 provided 
 by $ 15,426 $ 15,831 $ 13,666 $ 13,876 $ 13,570 
 operating 
 activities 
 July 25, July 27, July 28, July 29, July 30, 
 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 
 Cash and 
 cash 
 equivalen… $ 29,419 $ 33,413 $ 46,548 $ 70,492 $ 65,756 
 and 
 investmen… 
 Total $ 94,853 $ 97,793 $ 108,784 $ 129,818 $ 121,652 
 assets 
 Debt $ 14,583 $ 24,666 $ 25,569 $ 33,717 $ 28,643 
 Deferred $ 20,446 $ 18,467 $ 19,685 $ 18,494 $ 16,472 
 revenue 
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2019, we completed the sale of the Service Provider Video 
 (1) Software Solutions (SPVSS) business. As a result, revenue from the SPVSS business did not 
 recur in future periods. Revenue for the years ended July 27, 2019 and July 28, 2018 include 
 SPVSS revenue of $168 million and $903 million, respectively. 
 In connection with the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“the Tax Act”), we recorded an $872 million 
 (2) charge which was the reversal of the previously recorded benefit associated with the U.S. 
 taxation of deemed foreign dividends recorded in fiscal 2018 as a result of a retroactive 
 final U.S. Treasury regulation issued during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. 
 In fiscal 2018, Cisco recorded a provisional tax expense of $10.4 billion related to the 
 (3) enactment of the Tax Act comprised of $8.1 billion of U.S. transition tax, $1.2 billion of 
 foreign withholding tax, and $1.1 billion re-measurement of net deferred tax assets and 
 liabilities (DTA). 
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2016, Cisco completed the sale of the SP Video CPE Business. 
 As a result, revenue from this portion of the Service Provider Video product category did 
 (4) not recur in future periods. The sale resulted in a pre-tax gain of$253 millionnet of 
 certain transaction costs. The year endedJuly 30, 2016includes SP Video CPE Business revenue 
 of$504 million. 
 In fiscal 2016 Cisco recognized total tax benefits of $593 million for the following: i) the 
 Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and Cisco settled all outstanding items related to Cisco’s 
 (5) federal income tax returns for fiscal 2008 through fiscal 2010, as a result of which Cisco 
 recorded a net tax benefit of $367 million; and ii) the Protecting Americans from Tax Hikes 
 Act of 2015 reinstated the U.S. federal R&D tax credit permanently, as a result of which 
 Cisco recognized tax benefits of $226 million. 
At the beginning of fiscal 2019, we adopted Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606, a new
accounting standard related to revenue recognition, using the modified retrospective method to those
contracts that were not completed as of July 28, 2018. No other factors materially affected the
comparability of the information presented above. 32 Table of Contents
 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including this Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains forward-looking statements
regarding future events and our future results that are subject to the safe harbors created under the
Securities Act of 1933 (the “Securities Act”) and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange
Act”). All statements other than statements of historical facts are statements that could be deemed
forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts,
and projections about the industries in which we operate and the beliefs and assumptions of our
management. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “targets,” “goals,” “projects,” “intends,”
“plans,” “believes,” “momentum,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “continues,” “endeavors,” “strives,” “may,”
variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. In addition, any statements that refer to projections of our future financial
performance, our anticipated growth and trends in our businesses, future responses to and effects of
the COVID-19 pandemic, and other characterizations of future events or circumstances are forward-
looking statements. Readers are cautioned that these forward-looking statements are only predictions
and are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict, including
those under “Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors,” and elsewhere herein. Therefore, actual results may
differ materially and adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. We undertake
no obligation to revise or update any forward-looking statements for any reason. OVERVIEW Cisco
designs and sells a broad range of technologies that have been powering the Internet since 1984. We
are integrating intent-based technologies across networking, security, collaboration, applications
and the cloud. These technologies are designed to help our customers manage more users, devices and
things connecting to their networks. This will enable us to provide customers with a highly secure,
intelligent platform for their digital business. A summary of our results is as follows (in millions,
except percentages and per-share amounts):
 Thr… 
 Mon… Yea… 
 End… End… 
 July July July July 
 25, 27, 25, 27, 
 2020 2019 Vari… 2020 2019 Var… 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Rev… $ 12,… $ 13,4… (9 )% $ 49,… $ 51,9… (5 )% 
 Gro… 
 mar… 63.2 % 63.9 % (0.7 ) pts 64.3 % 62.9 % 1.4 pts 
 per… 
 Res… 
 and $ 1,5… $ 1,753 (11 )% $ 6,3… $ 6,577 (3 )% 
 dev… 
 Sal… 
 and $ 2,2… $ 2,487 (11 )% $ 9,1… $ 9,571 (4 )% 
 mar… 
 Gen… 
 and $ 494 $ 566 (13 )% $ 1,9… $ 1,827 5 % 
 adm… 
 Tot… 
 R&D, 
 sal… 
 and $ 4,2… $ 4,806 (11 )% $ 17,… $ 17,9… (3 )% 
 mar… 
 gen… 
 and 
 adm… 
 Tot… 
 as a 
 per… 35.2 % 35.8 % (0.6 ) pts 35.4 % 34.6 % 0.8 pts 
 of 
 rev… 
 Amo… 
 of 
 pur… 
 int… 
 ass… $ 33 $ 38 (13 )% $ 141 $ 150 (6 )% 
 inc… 
 in 
 ope… 
 exp… 
 Res… 
 and 
 oth… 
 cha… $ 127 $ 40 218 % $ 481 $ 322 49 % 
 inc… 
 in 
 ope… 
 exp… 
 Ope… 
 inc… 
 as a 26.7 % 27.5 % (0.8 ) pts 27.6 % 27.4 % 0.2 pts 
 per… 
 of 
 rev… 
 Int… 
 and 
 oth… $ 59 $ 14 321 % $ 350 $ 352 (1 )% 
 inc… 
 (lo… 
 net 
 Inc… 
 tax 20.3 % 40.4 % (20… ) pts 19.7 % 20.2 % (0.5 ) pts 
 per… 
 Net $ 2,6… $ 2,206 19 % $ 11,… $ 11,6… (4 )% 
 inc… 
 Net 
 inc… 
 as a 21.7 % 16.4 % 5.3 pts 22.7 % 22.4 % 0.3 pts 
 per… 
 of 
 rev… 
 Ear… 
 per $ 0.62 $ 0.51 22 % $ 2.64 $ 2.61 1 % 
 sha… 
(1) During the second quarter of fiscal 2019, we completed the sale of our SPVSS business. As a
result, revenue from this business will not recur in future periods. Includes SPVSS business revenue
of $168 million for fiscal 2019. (2) I ncludes a $0.9 billion charge for the fourth quarter of fiscal
2019 and fiscal 2019 related to the Tax Act. 33 Table of Contents Fiscal 2020 Compared with Fiscal
2019 In fiscal 2020, we delivered growth in margins and earnings per share in a very challenging
environment with the COVID-19 pandemic. Total revenue decreased by 5% compared with fiscal 2019 . Our
product revenue declined in Infrastructure Platforms and Applications, partially offset by growth in
Security, and we continued to make progress in the transition of our business model to increased
software and subscriptions. We remain focused on accelerating innovation across our portfolio, and we
believe that we have made continued progress on our strategic priorities. We continue to operate in a
challenging macroeconomic and highly competitive environment. We saw broad-based weakening in the
global macroeconomic environment during the fiscal year which impacted our commercial and enterprise
markets. We also experienced continuing weakness in the service provider market and emerging
countries, and we expect ongoing uncertainty in these markets. While the overall environment remains
uncertain, we continue to aggressively invest in priority areas with the objective of driving
profitable growth over the long term. Within total revenue, product revenue decreased 8% and service
revenue increased by 3% . Total gross margin increased by 1.4 percentage points, driven primarily by
productivity benefits and product mix partially offset by unfavorable impacts from pricing. As a
percentage of revenue, research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative
expenses, collectively, increased by 0.8 percentage points. Operating income as a percentage of
revenue increased by 0.2 percentage points. Diluted earnings per share increased by 1% , driven by a
decrease in diluted share count of 199 million shares, partially offset by a decrease in net income
of 4% . In terms of our geographic segments, revenue from the Americas decreased by $1.6 billion ,
driven in large part by a product revenue decline in the United States. EMEA revenue decreased by
$0.4 billion and revenue in our APJC segment decreased by $0.5 billion . The “BRICM” countries
experienced a product revenue decline of 25% in the aggregate, driven by decreased product revenue in
the emerging countries of India, China, Mexico and Brazil. From a customer market standpoint, we
experienced product revenue declines across all customer segments, with the most significant declines
in the commercial and service provider markets. During fiscal 2020, we saw a decline in business
momentum in the commercial and enterprise markets, which we believe was significantly related to
weakness in the global macroeconomic environment. From a product category perspective, total product
revenue decreased 8% year over year. The decrease was driven by declines in revenue in Infrastructure
Platforms and Applications of 10% and 4% , respectively. These declines were partially offset by a
product revenue increase in Security of 12% . 34 Table of Contents Fourth Quarter Snapshot For the
fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 , as compared with the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 , total revenue
decreased by 9% . Within total revenue, product revenue decreased by 13% and service revenue was
flat. With regard to our geographic segment performance, on a year-over-year basis, revenue in the
Americas, EMEA and APJC decreased by 12% , 6% and 7% respectively. From a product category
perspective, we experienced product revenue declines in Infrastructure Platforms and Applications,
offset by growth in Security. Total gross margin decreased by 0.7 percentage points, driven by
unfavorable pricing partially offset by favorable product mix. As a percentage of revenue, research
and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative expenses collectively decreased
by 0.6 percentage points. Operating income as a percentage of revenue decreased by 0.8 percentage
points. Diluted earnings per share increased by 22% and net income increased by 19% . The fourth
quarter of fiscal 2019 included a $0.9 billion tax charge related to the Tax Act. COVID-19 Pandemic
Response Summary During this extraordinary time, our priority has been supporting our employees,
customers, partners and communities, while positioning Cisco for the future. The pandemic has driven
organizations across the globe to digitize their operations and support remote workforces at a faster
speed and greater scale than ever before. We remain focused on providing the technology and solutions
our customers need to accelerate their digital organizations. The actions we are taking include:
Employees
 • Most of our global workforce working from home. 
 • Seamless transition to work from home with a long-standing flexible work policy, and we build 
 the technologies that allow organizations to stay connected, secure and productive. 
 • For the remainder who must be in the office to perform their roles, we are focused on their 
 health and safety, and are taking all of the necessary precautions. 
Customer and Partners
 • Introduced a variety of free offers and trials for our Webex and security technologies as they 
 dramatically shifted entire workforces to be remote. 
 Announced a Cisco Capital Business Resiliency Program leveraging currently available funds to 
 • provide organizations with access to financing solutions to offer financial flexibility and 
 support business continuity. This will help customers and partners access the technology they 
 need now, invest for recovery, and defer most of the payments until early 2021. 
Communities
 • Committed significant funds to support both global and local pandemic response efforts. 
 • Providing technology and financial support for non-profits, first responders, and governments. 
 • Donating personal protective equipment to hospital workers including N95 masks and face 
 shields 3D-printed by Cisco volunteers around the world. 
Strategy and Priorities As our customers add billions of new connections to their enterprises, and as
more applications move to a multicloud environment, the network becomes even more critical. Our
customers are navigating change at an unprecedented pace and our mission is to inspire new
possibilities for them by helping transform their infrastructure, expand applications and analytics,
address their security needs, and empower their teams. We believe that our customers are looking for
intent-based networks that provide meaningful business value through automation, security, and
analytics across private, hybrid, and multicloud environments. Our vision is to deliver highly
secure, software-defined, automated and intelligent platforms for our customers. For a full
discussion of our strategy and priorities, see “Item 1. Business.” Other Key Financial Measures The
following is a summary of our other key financial measures for fiscal 2020 compared with fiscal 2019
(in millions):
 Fiscal 2020 Fiscal 2019 
 Cash and cash equivalents and $29,419 $33,413 
 investments 
 Cash provided by operating activities $15,426 $15,831 
 Deferred revenue $20,446 $18,467 
 Repurchases of common stock—stock $2,619 $20,577 
 repurchase program 
 Dividends $6,016 $5,979 
 Inventories $1,282 $1,383 
35 Table of Contents CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES The preparation of financial statements and
related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported in the
Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying notes. Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements describes the significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of the
Consolidated Financial Statements. The accounting policies described below are significantly affected
by critical accounting estimates. Such accounting policies require significant judgments,
assumptions, and estimates used in the preparation of the Consolidated Financial Statements, and
actual results could differ materially from the amounts reported based on these policies. The inputs
into certain of our judgments, assumptions and estimates considered the economic implications of the
COVID-19 pandemic on our critical and significant accounting estimates. The COVID-19 pandemic did not
have a material impact on our significant judgments, assumptions and estimates that are reflected in
our results for fiscal 2020. These estimates include: goodwill and identified purchased intangible
assets and income taxes, among other items. The actual results that we experience may differ
materially from our estimates. As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to develop, many of our estimates
could require increased judgment and carry a higher degree of variability and volatility. As events
continue to evolve our estimates may change materially in future periods. Revenue Recognition We
enter into contracts with customers that can include various combinations of products and services
which are generally distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. As a result, our
contracts may contain multiple performance obligations. We determine whether arrangements are
distinct based on whether the customer can benefit from the product or service on its own or together
with other resources that are readily available and whether our commitment to transfer the product or
service to the customer is separately identifiable from other obligations in the contract. We
classify our hardware, perpetual software licenses, and SaaS as distinct performance obligations.
Term software licenses represent multiple obligations, which include software licenses and software
maintenance. In transactions where we deliver hardware or software, we are typically the principal
and we record revenue and costs of goods sold on a gross basis. We recognize revenue upon transfer of
control of promised goods or services in a contract with a customer in an amount that reflects the
consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. Transfer of control
occurs once the customer has the contractual right to use the product, generally upon shipment or
once title and risk of loss has transferred to the customer. Transfer of control can also occur over
time for software maintenance and services as the customer receives the benefit over the contract
term. Our hardware and perpetual software licenses are distinct performance obligations where revenue
is recognized upfront upon transfer of control. Term software licenses include multiple performance
obligations where the term licenses are recognized upfront upon transfer of control, with the
associated software maintenance revenue recognized ratably over the contract term as services and
software updates are provided. SaaS arrangements do not include the right for the customer to take
possession of the software during the term, and therefore have one distinct performance obligation
which is satisfied over time with revenue recognized ratably over the contract term as the customer
consumes the services. On our product sales, we record consideration from shipping and handling on a
gross basis within net product sales. We record our revenue net of any associated sales taxes.
Revenue is allocated among these performance obligations in a manner that reflects the consideration
that we expect to be entitled to for the promised goods or services based on standalone selling
prices (SSP). SSP is estimated for each distinct performance obligation and judgment may be required
in their determination. The best evidence of SSP is the observable price of a product or service when
we sell the goods separately in similar circumstances and to similar customers. In instances where
SSP is not directly observable, we determine SSP using information that may include market conditions
and other observable inputs. We apply judgment in determining the transaction price as we may be
required to estimate variable consideration when determining the amount of revenue to recognize.
Variable consideration includes potential contractual penalties and various rebate, cooperative
marketing and other incentive programs that we offer to our distributors, channel partners and
customers. When determining the amount of revenue to recognize, we estimate the expected usage of
these programs, applying the expected value or most likely estimate and update the estimate at each
reporting period as actual utilization becomes available. We also consider the customers' right of
return in determining the transaction price, where applicable. If actual credits received by
distributors under these programs were to deviate significantly from our estimates, which are based
on historical experience, our revenue could be adversely affected. See Note 3 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for more details. 36 Table of Contents Loss Contingencies We are subject to the
possibility of various losses arising in the ordinary course of business. We consider the likelihood
of impairment of an asset or the incurrence of a liability, as well as our ability to reasonably
estimate the amount of loss, in determining loss contingencies. An estimated loss contingency is
accrued when it is probable that an asset has been impaired or a liability has been incurred and the
amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. We regularly evaluate information available to us to
determine whether such accruals should be made or adjusted and whether new accruals are required.
Third parties, including customers, have in the past and may in the future assert claims or initiate
litigation related to exclusive patent, copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights
to technologies and related standards that are relevant to us. These assertions have increased over
time as a result of our growth and the general increase in the pace of patent claims assertions,
particularly in the United States. If any infringement or other intellectual property claim made
against us by any third party is successful, or if we fail to develop non-infringing technology or
license the proprietary rights on commercially reasonable terms and conditions, our business,
operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. Goodwill and
Purchased Intangible Asset Impairments Our methodology for allocating the purchase price relating to
purchase acquisitions is determined through established valuation techniques. Goodwill represents a
residual value as of the acquisition date, which in most cases results in measuring goodwill as an
excess of the purchase consideration transferred plus the fair value of any noncontrolling interest
in the acquired company over the fair value of net assets acquired, including contingent
consideration. We perform goodwill impairment tests on an annual basis in the fourth fiscal quarter
and between annual tests in certain circumstances for each reporting unit. The assessment of fair
value for goodwill and purchased intangible assets is based on factors that market participants would
use in an orderly transaction in accordance with the new accounting guidance for the fair value
measurement of nonfinancial assets. In response to changes in industry and market conditions, we
could be required to strategically realign our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or
otherwise exiting businesses, which could result in an impairment of goodwill. There was no
impairment of goodwill in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018 . For the annual impairment testing in fiscal
2020 , the excess of the fair value over the carrying value for each of our reporting units was $72.8
billion for the Americas, $51.6 billion for EMEA, and $31.3 billion for APJC. During the fourth
quarter of fiscal 2020 , we performed a sensitivity analysis for goodwill impairment with respect to
each of our respective reporting units and determined that a hypothetical 10% decline in the fair
value of each reporting unit would not result in an impairment of goodwill for any reporting unit.
The fair value of acquired technology and patents, as well as acquired technology under development,
is determined at acquisition date primarily using the income approach, which discounts expected
future cash flows to present value. The discount rates used in the present value calculations are
typically derived from a weighted-average cost of capital analysis and then adjusted to reflect risks
inherent in the development lifecycle as appropriate. We consider the pricing model for products
related to these acquisitions to be standard within the high-technology communications industry, and
the applicable discount rates represent the rates that market participants would use for valuation of
such intangible assets. We make judgments about the recoverability of purchased intangible assets
with finite lives whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may exist.
Recoverability of purchased intangible assets with finite lives is measured by comparing the carrying
amount of the asset to the future undiscounted cash flows the asset is expected to generate. We
review indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually or whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. If the asset is considered to be impaired,
the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the fair
value of the impaired asset. Assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives
of our purchased intangible assets are complex and subjective. They can be affected by a variety of
factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such
as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. Our ongoing consideration of all the
factors described previously could result in impairment charges in the future, which could adversely
affect our net income. Income Taxes We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous
foreign jurisdictions. Our effective tax rates differ from the statutory rate, primarily due to the
tax impact of state taxes, foreign operations, R&D tax credits, domestic manufacturing deductions,
foreign-derived intangible income deductions, global intangible low-taxed income, tax audit
settlements, nondeductible compensation, international realignments, and transfer pricing
adjustments. Our effective tax rate was 19.7% , 20.2% , and 99.2% in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018 ,
respectively. During fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2019, we recorded a total tax charge of $11.3 billion,
consisting of $9 billion of tax expense for the U.S. transition tax on accumulated earnings of
foreign subsidiaries, $1.2 billion of foreign withholding tax, and $1.1 billion of tax expense for
DTA re-measurement as a result of the Tax Act. 37 Table of Contents Significant judgment is required
in evaluating our uncertain tax positions and determining our provision for income taxes. Although we
believe our reserves are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final tax outcome of these
matters will not be different from that which is reflected in our historical income tax provisions
and accruals. We adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the
closing of a tax audit or the refinement of an estimate. To the extent that the final tax outcome of
these matters is different than the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for
income taxes in the period in which such determination is made. The provision for income taxes
includes the impact of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate, as
well as the related net interest and penalties. Significant judgment is also required in determining
any valuation allowance recorded against deferred tax assets. In assessing the need for a valuation
allowance, we consider all available evidence, including past operating results, estimates of future
taxable income, and the feasibility of tax planning strategies. In the event that we change our
determination as to the amount of deferred tax assets that can be realized, we will adjust our
valuation allowance with a corresponding impact to the provision for income taxes in the period in
which such determination is made. Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could
be adversely impacted by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower tax rates
and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher tax rates; by changes in the valuation of
our deferred tax assets and liabilities; by changes to domestic manufacturing deduction, foreign-
derived intangible income deduction, global intangible low-tax income and base erosion and anti-abuse
tax laws, regulations, or interpretations thereof; by expiration of or lapses in tax incentives; by
transfer pricing adjustments, including the effect of acquisitions on our legal structure; by tax
effects of nondeductible compensation; by tax costs related to intercompany realignments; by changes
in accounting principles; or by changes in tax laws and regulations, treaties, or interpretations
thereof, including changes to the taxation of earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, the deductibility
of expenses attributable to foreign income, and the foreign tax credit rules. Significant judgment is
required to determine the recognition and measurement attributes prescribed in the accounting
guidance for uncertainty in income taxes. The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
(OECD), an international association comprised of 37 countries, including the United States, has made
changes to numerous long-standing tax principles. There can be no assurance that these changes, once
adopted by countries, will not have an adverse impact on our provision for income taxes. As a result
of certain of our ongoing employment and capital investment actions and commitments, our income in
certain countries was subject to reduced tax rates. Our failure to meet these commitments could
adversely impact our provision for income taxes. In addition, we are subject to the continuous
examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and other tax
authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations
to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the
outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have an adverse impact on our operating results
and financial condition. 38 Table of Contents RESULTS OF OPERATIONS A discussion regarding our
financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 is presented
below. A discussion regarding our financial condition and results of operations for fiscal 2019
compared to fiscal 2018 can be found under Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended July 27, 2019, filed with the SEC on September 5, 2019, which is available free of charge
on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov and our Investor Relations website at investor.cisco.com. Revenue
The following table presents the breakdown of revenue between product and service (in millions,
except percentages):
 2020 vs. 
 Years 2019 
 Ended Variance Variance 
 July 25, July 27, July 28, in in 
 Revenu… 2020 2019 2018 Dollars Percent… 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Product $ 35,978 $ 39,005 $ 36,709 $ (3,027 ) (8 )% 
 Percen… 
 of 73.0 % 75.1 % 74.4 % 
 revenue 
 Service 13,323 12,899 12,621 424 3 % 
 Percen… 
 of 27.0 % 24.9 % 25.6 % 
 revenue 
 Total $ 49,301 $ 51,904 $ 49,330 $ (2,603 ) (5 )% 
(1) Total revenue and product revenue not including the SPVSS business in the prior year decreased 5%
and 7%, respectively. Service revenue not including the SPVSS business in the prior year increased
3%. We manage our business primarily on a geographic basis, organized into three geographic segments.
Our revenue, which includes product and service for each segment, is summarized in the following
table (in millions, except percentages):
 2020 vs. 
 Years 2019 
 Ended Variance Variance 
 July 25, July 27, July 28, in in 
 2020 2019 2018 Dollars Percent 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Revenu… 
 Americ… $ 29,291 $ 30,927 $ 29,070 $ (1,636 ) (5 )% 
 Percen… 
 of 59.4 % 59.6 % 58.9 % 
 revenue 
 EMEA 12,659 13,100 12,425 (441 ) (3 )% 
 Percen… 
 of 25.7 % 25.2 % 25.2 % 
 revenue 
 APJC 7,352 7,877 7,834 (525 ) (7 )% 
 Percen… 
 of 14.9 % 15.2 % 15.9 % 
 revenue 
 Total $ 49,301 $ 51,904 $ 49,330 $ (2,603 ) (5 )% 
Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding. Total revenue in fiscal 2020
decreased by 5% compared with fiscal 2019 . Product revenue decreased by 8% and service revenue
increased by 3% . Our total revenue reflected declines across each of our geographic segments.
Product revenue for the emerging countries of BRICM, in the aggregate, experienced a 25% product
revenue decline, with decreases in India, China, Mexico and Brazil. In addition to the impact of
macroeconomic factors, including a reduced IT spending environment and reductions in spending by
government entities, revenue by segment in a particular period may be significantly impacted by
several factors related to revenue recognition, including the complexity of transactions such as
multiple performance obligations; the mix of financing arrangements provided to channel partners and
customers; and final acceptance of the product, system, or solution, among other factors. In
addition, certain customers tend to make large and sporadic purchases, and the revenue related to
these transactions may also be affected by the timing of revenue recognition, which in turn would
impact the revenue of the relevant segment. 39 Table of Contents Product Revenue by Segment The
following table presents the breakdown of product revenue by segment (in millions, except
percentages):
 2020 vs. 
 Years 2019 
 Ended Variance Variance 
 July 25, July 27, July 28, in in 
 2020 2019 2018 Dollars Percent 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Product 
 revenu… 
 Americ… $ 21,006 $ 22,754 $ 21,088 $ (1,748 ) (8 )% 
 Percen… 
 of 58.4 % 58.3 % 57.5 % 
 product 
 revenue 
 EMEA 9,647 10,246 9,671 (599 ) (6 )% 
 Percen… 
 of 26.8 % 26.3 % 26.3 % 
 product 
 revenue 
 APJC 5,326 6,005 5,950 (679 ) (11 )% 
 Percen… 
 of 14.8 % 15.4 % 16.2 % 
 product 
 revenue 
 Total $ 35,978 $ 39,005 $ 36,709 $ (3,027 ) (8 )% 
Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding. Americas Product revenue in
the Americas segment decreased by 8% . The product revenue decrease was across all of our customer
segments. From a country perspective, product revenue decreased by 7% in the United States, 13% in
Canada, 27% in Mexico and 14% in Brazil. EMEA The decrease in product revenue in the EMEA segment of
6% was driven by declines in the service provider, commercial and enterprise markets, partially
offset by growth in the public sector market. Product revenue from emerging countries within EMEA
decreased by 4%, and product revenue for the remainder of the EMEA segment, which primarily consists
of countries in Western Europe, decreased by 6%. From a country perspective, product revenue
decreased in the United Kingdom and France by 12% and 7%, respectively, partially offset by a product
revenue increase of 2% in Germany. APJC Product revenue in the APJC segment decreased by 11% , driven
by declines across all of our customer segments. From a country perspective, product revenue
decreased in Australia, India and China by 16%, 29% and 34%, respectively, partially offset by a
product revenue increase of 8% in Japan. 40 Table of Contents Product Revenue by Groups of Similar
Products In addition to the primary view on a geographic basis, we also prepare financial information
related to groups of similar products and customer markets for various purposes. We report our
product revenue in the following categories: Infrastructure Platforms, Applications, Security, and
Other Products. This aligns our product categories with our evolving business model. Prior period
amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current period’s presentation. The following table
presents revenue for groups of similar products (in millions, except percentages):
 2020 vs. 
 Years 2019 
 Ended Variance 
 July 25, July 27, July 28, in Variance 
 2020 2019 2018 Dollars in Percent 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Product 
 revenue: 
 Infrastr… $ 27,122 $ 30,099 $ 28,286 $ (2,977 ) (10 )% 
 Platforms 
 Applicat… 5,568 5,803 5,036 (235 ) (4 )% 
 Security 3,154 2,821 2,388 333 12 % 
 Other 135 281 999 (146 ) (52 )% 
 Products 
 Total $ 35,978 $ 39,005 $ 36,709 $ (3,027 ) (8 )% 
Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding. Infrastructure Platforms The
Infrastructure Platforms product category represents our core networking offerings related to
switching, routing, wireless, and the data center. Infrastructure Platforms revenue decreased by 10%
, or $3.0 billion . This was the product area most impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic environment in
the second half of fiscal 2020. Switching revenue declined in both campus switching and data center
switching, although we had revenue growth in our intent-based networking Catalyst 9000 Series. We
experienced a decrease in sales of routing products, with declines primarily in the service provider
and enterprise markets. Revenue from wireless products declined, although we saw revenue growth in
our Meraki and WiFi6 products. Revenue from data center declined driven by continued market
contraction impacting primarily our servers products. Applications The Applications product category
includes our collaboration offerings (unified communications, Cisco TelePresence and conferencing) as
well as IoT and AppDynamics analytics software offerings. Revenue in our Applications product
category decreased by 4% , or $235 million , with a decline in Unified Communications and Cisco
TelePresence partially offset by double digit growth in AppDynamics and growth in IoT software
offerings and Webex. Security Revenue in our Security product category increased 12% , or $333
million , driven by higher sales of identity and access, advanced threat security, unified threat
management and web security products. Revenue from our cloud security portfolio reflected strong
double-digit growth and continued momentum with our Duo and Umbrella offerings. Other Products The
decrease in revenue from our Other Products category was primarily driven by a decrease in revenue
from the SPVSS business which we divested in the second quarter of fiscal 2019. 41 Table of Contents
Service Revenue by Segment The following table presents the breakdown of service revenue by segment
(in millions, except percentages):
 2020 vs. 
 Years 2019 
 Ended Variance 
 Years July 25, July 27, July 28, in Variance 
 Ended 2020 2019 2018 Dollars in Percent 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Service 
 revenue: 
 Americas $ 8,285 $ 8,173 $ 7,982 $ 112 1 % 
 Percent… 
 of 62.2 % 63.4 % 63.3 % 
 service 
 revenue 
 EMEA 3,012 2,854 2,754 158 6 % 
 Percent… 
 of 22.6 % 22.1 % 21.8 % 
 service 
 revenue 
 APJC 2,026 1,872 1,885 154 8 % 
 Percent… 
 of 15.2 % 14.5 % 14.9 % 
 service 
 revenue 
 Total $ 13,323 $ 12,899 $ 12,621 $ 424 3 % 
Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding. Service revenue increased 3%
, driven by an increase in software and solution support offerings. Service revenue increased in all
geographic segments. Gross Margin The following table presents the gross margin for products and
services (in millions, except percentages):
 AMOUNT PERCEN… 
 July July July July  July  July  
 Years 25, 27, 28, 25, 27, 28, 
 Ended 2020 2019 2018 2020 2019 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Gross 
 margi… 
 Produ… $ 22,779 $ 24,142 $ 22,282 63.3 % 61.9 % 60.7 % 
 Servi… 8,904 8,524 8,324 66.8 % 66.1 % 66.0 % 
 Total $ 31,683 $ 32,666 $ 30,606 64.3 % 62.9 % 62.0 % 
Product Gross Margin The following table summarizes the key factors that contributed to the change in
product gross margin percentage from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2020 :
 Product Gross Margin Percentage 
 Fiscal 2019 61.9 % 
 Productivity(1) 1.9 % 
 Product pricing (1.3 )% 
 Mix of products sold 0.9 % 
 Impact from divestiture of SPVSS 0.1 % 
 business 
 Others (0.2 )% 
 Fiscal 2020 63.3 % 
(1) Productivity includes overall manufacturing-related costs, such as component costs, warranty
expense, provision for inventory, freight, logistics, shipment volume, and other items not
categorized elsewhere. Product gross margin increased by 1.4 percentage points driven by productivity
improvements and favorable product mix, partially offset by unfavorable impacts from product pricing.
In the second half of fiscal 2020 as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, we incurred additional
logistics costs, such as freight which had a negative impact on product gross margin. Our product
gross margin benefited slightly from the sale of our lower margin SPVSS business during the second
quarter of fiscal 2019. Productivity improvements were driven by memory cost savings and other cost
reductions including value engineering efforts (e.g. component redesign, board configuration, test
processes and transformation processes) and continued operational efficiency 42 Table of Contents in
manufacturing operations. The negative pricing impact, which was higher than the year-over-year
impact we experienced in fiscal 2019, was driven by typical market factors and impacted each of our
geographic segments. The favorable product mix impact was driven by impacts from each of our product
categories. Service Gross Margin Our service gross margin percentage increased by 0.7 percentage
point primarily due to higher sales volume. Our service gross margin normally experiences some
fluctuations due to various factors such as the timing of contract initiations in our renewals, our
strategic investments in headcount, and the resources we deploy to support the overall service
business. Other factors include the mix of service offerings, as the gross margin from our advanced
services is typically lower than the gross margin from technical support services. Gross Margin by
Segment The following table presents the total gross margin for each segment (in millions, except
percentages):
 AMOU… PERCE… 
 July July July July  July  July  
 Yea… 25, 27, 28, 25, 27, 28, 
 End… 2020 2019 2018 2020 2019 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Gro… 
 mar… 
 Ame… $ 19,5… $ 20,338 $ 18,7… 66.7 % 65.8 % 64.6 % 
 EMEA 8,304 8,457 7,945 65.6 % 64.6 % 63.9 % 
 APJC 4,688 4,683 4,726 63.8 % 59.5 % 60.3 % 
 Seg… 32,5… 33,479 31,4… 66.0 % 64.5 % 63.8 % 
 tot… 
 Una… 
 cor… (855 ) (813 ) (857 ) 
 ite… 
 Tot… $ 31,6… $ 32,666 $ 30,6… 64.3 % 62.9 % 62.0 % 
(1) The unallocated corporate items include the effects of amortization and impairments of
acquisition-related intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, significant litigation
settlements and other contingencies, charges related to asset impairments and restructurings, and
certain other charges. We do not allocate these items to the gross margin for each segment because
management does not include such information in measuring the performance of the operating segments.
Amounts may not sum and percentages may not recalculate due to rounding. We experienced a gross
margin percentage increase in our Americas segment due to productivity improvements and favorable
product mix, partially offset by unfavorable impacts from pricing. Product gross margin in our EMEA
segment increased due to productivity improvements and, to a lesser extent, favorable product mix,
partially offset by negative impacts from pricing. The APJC segment gross margin percentage increase
was due to productivity improvements and favorable product mix, partially offset by negative impacts
from pricing. Higher service gross margin also contributed to the increase in the gross margin in
this geographic segment. The gross margin percentage for a particular segment may fluctuate, and
period-to-period changes in such percentages may or may not be indicative of a trend for that
segment. 43 Table of Contents Research and Development (“R&D”), Sales and Marketing, and General and
Administrative (“G&A”) Expenses R&D, sales and marketing, and G&A expenses are summarized in the
following table (in millions, except percentages):
 2020 vs. 
 Years 2019 
 Ended Variance Variance 
 July 25, July 27, July 28, in in 
 2020 2019 2018 Dollars Percent 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Resear… 
 and $ 6,347 $ 6,577 $ 6,332 $ (230 ) (3 )% 
 develo… 
 Percen… 
 of 12.9 % 12.7 % 12.8 % 
 revenue 
 Sales 
 and 9,169 9,571 9,242 (402 ) (4 )% 
 market… 
 Percen… 
 of 18.6 % 18.4 % 18.7 % 
 revenue 
 General 
 and 1,925 1,827 2,144 98 5 % 
 admini… 
 Percen… 
 of 3.9 % 3.5 % 4.3 % 
 revenue 
 Total $ 17,441 $ 17,975 $ 17,718 $ (534 ) (3 )% 
 Percen… 
 of 35.4 % 34.6 % 35.9 % 
 revenue 
R&D Expenses R&D expenses decreased due to lower headcount-related expenses, lower discretionary
spending and lower contracted services spending, partially offset by higher share-based compensation
expense. We continue to invest in R&D in order to bring a broad range of products to market in a
timely fashion. If we believe that we are unable to enter a particular market in a timely manner with
internally developed products, we may purchase or license technology from other businesses, or we may
partner with or acquire businesses as an alternative to internal R&D. Sales and Marketing Expenses
Sales and marketing expenses decreased primarily due to lower discretionary spending and contracted
services spending. G&A Expenses G&A expenses increased due to the benefit from the $400 million
litigation settlement with Arista Networks, Inc. (“Arista”) in fiscal 2019 and higher discretionary
spending, partially offset by gains recognized on the sale of property that had been held for sale,
lower headcount-related expenses, lower contracted services spending, and lower share-based
compensation expense. Effect of Foreign Currency In fiscal 2020 , foreign currency fluctuations, net
of hedging, decreased the combined R&D, sales and marketing, and G&A expenses by approximately $141
million , or 0.8% , compared with fiscal 2019 . Amortization of Purchased Intangible Assets
The following table presents the amortization of purchased intangible assets (in millions):
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Amortization of purchased intangible 
 assets: 
 Cost of sales $ 659 $ 624 $ 640 
 Operating expenses 141 150 221 
 Total $ 800 $ 774 $ 861 
The increase in amortization of purchased intangible assets was due largely to the amortization of
purchased intangibles from our recent acquisitions. 44 Table of Contents Restructuring and Other
Charges In the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we initiated a restructuring plan, which includes a
voluntary early retirement program, in order to realign the organization and enable further
investment in key priority areas. The total pretax charges are estimated to be approximately $900
million . We expect the plan to be substantially completed in fiscal 2021 and estimate it will
generate cost savings of approximately $1.0 billion on an annualized basis over the next few
quarters.
The following table presents restructuring and other charges (in millions):
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Restructuring and other charges 
 included $ 481 $ 322 $ 358 
 in operating expenses 
We initiated a restructuring plan during fiscal 2020 in order to realign the organization and enable
further investment in key priority areas, with estimated pretax charges of approximately $300 million
. In connection with this restructuring plan, we incurred charges of $255 million during fiscal 2020
. We expect this restructuring plan to be substantially completed in fiscal 2021. We incurred total
restructuring and other charges of $481 million in fiscal 2020 . We incurred charges of $255 million
related to the restructuring plan initiated during fiscal 2020 and the remainder of which was related
to the restructuring plan announced during fiscal 2018. These charges were primarily cash-based and
consisted of employee severance and other one-time termination benefits, and other costs. We expect
to reinvest substantially all of the cost savings from these restructuring actions in our key
priority areas. As a result, the overall cost savings from these restructuring actions are not
expected to be material for future periods. Operating Income
The following table presents our operating income and our operating income as a percentage of revenue
(in millions, except percentages): 
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Operating income $ 13,620 $ 14,219 $ 12,309 
 Operating income as a 
 percentage of 27.6 % 27.4 % 25.0 % 
 revenue 
Operating income decreased by 4% , and as a percentage of revenue operating income increased by 0.2
percentage points. These changes resulted primarily from: a revenue decrease, the impact of the
benefit from the $400 million litigation settlement with Arista in the first quarter of fiscal 2019
and higher restructuring and other charges, partially offset by a gross margin percentage increase
(driven by productivity improvements and product mix, partially offset by unfavorable impacts from
pricing). Interest and Other Income (Loss), Net Interest Income (Expense), Net The following table
summarizes interest income and interest expense (in millions):
 2020 vs. 
 Years Ended 2019 
 July 25, July 27, July 28, Variance in 
 2020 2019 2018 Dollars 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Interest $ 920 $ 1,308 $ 1,508 $ (388 ) 
 income 
 Interest (585 ) (859 ) (943 ) 274 
 expense 
 Interest 
 income $ 335 $ 449 $ 565 $ (114 ) 
 (expense), 
 net 
Interest income decreased driven by a lower average balance of cash and available-for-sale debt
investments and lower interest rates. The decrease in interest expense was driven by a lower average
debt balance and the impact of lower effective interest rates. 45 Table of Contents
Other Income (Loss), Net The components of other income (loss), net, are summarized as follows (in 
millions): 
 2020 vs. 
 Years Ended 2019 
 July 25, July 27, July 28, Variance in 
 2020 2019 2018 Dollars 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Gains 
 (losses) on 
 investment… 
 net: 
 Available-… 
 debt $ 42 $ (13 ) $ (242 ) $ 55 
 investments 
 Marketable 
 equity (5 ) (3 ) 529 (2 ) 
 investments 
 Non-market… 
 equity and 95 6 11 89 
 other 
 investments 
 Net gains 
 (losses) on 132 (10 ) 298 142 
 investments 
 Other gains 
 (losses), (117 ) (87 ) (133 ) (30 ) 
 net 
 Other 
 income $ 15 $ (97 ) $ 165 $ 112 
 (loss), net 
The total change in net gains (losses) on available-for-sale debt investments was primarily
attributable to higher realized gains as a result of market conditions, and the timing of sales of
these investments. The change in net gains (losses) on non-marketable equity and other investments
was primarily due to higher realized gains and higher unrealized gains, partially offset by higher
impairment charges. The change in other gains (losses), net was primarily driven by higher donation
expense as related to COVID-19 programs, partially offset by net favorable foreign exchange impacts.
Provision for Income Taxes The provision for income taxes resulted in an effective tax rate of 19.7%
for fiscal 2020 , compared with 20.2% for fiscal 2019 . The net 0.5 percentage point decrease in the
effective tax rate was primarily due to a decrease in net discrete tax charges. For a full
reconciliation of our effective tax rate to the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21% and for further
explanation of our provision for income taxes, see Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.
46 Table of Contents LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES The following sections discuss the effects of
changes in our balance sheet, our capital allocation strategy including stock repurchase program and
dividends, our contractual obligations, and certain other commitments and activities on our liquidity
and capital resources. Balance Sheet and Cash Flows Cash and Cash Equivalents and Investments The
following table summarizes our cash and cash equivalents and investments (in millions):
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 Increase (Decrease) 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Cash and cash equivalents $ 11,809 $ 11,750 $ 59 
 Available-for-sale debt 17,610 21,660 (4,050 ) 
 investments 
 Marketable equity securities — 3 (3 ) 
 Total $ 29,419 $ 33,413 $ (3,994 ) 
The net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and investments from fiscal 2019 to fiscal 2020 was
primarily driven by a net decrease in debt of $10.2 billion , cash returned to shareholders in the
form of repurchases of common stock of $2.7 billion under the stock repurchase program and cash
dividends of $6.0 billion , capital expenditures of $0.8 billion and net cash paid for acquisitions
and divestitures of $0.3 billion . These uses of cash were partially offset by cash provided by
operating activities of $15.4 billion . In addition to cash requirements in the normal course of
business, on July 9, 2019 we announced our intent to acquire Acacia Communications, Inc. for a net
purchase consideration of approximately $2.6 billion in cash. Additionally, approximately $0.7
billion of the U.S. transition tax on accumulated earnings for foreign subsidiaries and $3.0 billion
of long-term debt outstanding at July 25, 2020 will mature within the next 12 months from the balance
sheet date. See further discussion of liquidity and future payments under “Contractual Obligations”
and “Liquidity and Capital Resource Requirements” below. We maintain an investment portfolio of
various holdings, types, and maturities. We classify our investments as short-term investments based
on their nature and their availability for use in current operations. We believe the overall credit
quality of our portfolio is strong, with our cash equivalents and our available-for-sale debt
investment portfolio consisting primarily of high quality investment-grade securities. We believe
that our strong cash and cash equivalents and investments position is critical at this time of
uncertainty due to the COVID-19 pandemic and allows us to use our cash resources for strategic
investments to gain access to new technologies, for acquisitions, for customer financing activities,
for working capital needs, and for the repurchase of shares of common stock and payment of dividends
as discussed below. Securities Lending We periodically engage in securities lending activities with
certain of our available-for-sale debt investments. These transactions are accounted for as a secured
lending of the securities, and the securities are typically loaned only on an overnight basis. We
require collateral equal to at least 102% of the fair market value of the loaned security and that
the collateral be in the form of cash or liquid, high-quality assets. We engage in these secured
lending transactions only with highly creditworthy counterparties, and the associated portfolio
custodian has agreed to indemnify us against collateral losses. We did not experience any losses in
connection with the secured lending of securities during the periods presented. Free Cash Flow and
Capital Allocation As part of our capital allocation strategy, we intend to return a minimum of 50%
of our free cash flow annually to our shareholders through cash dividends and repurchases of common
stock. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less cash used to
acquire property and equipment. The following table reconciles our net cash provided by operating
activities to free cash flow (in millions):
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Net cash provided by operating $ 15,426 $ 15,831 $ 13,666 
 activities 
 Acquisition of property and (770 ) (909 ) (834 ) 
 equipment 
 Free cash flow $ 14,656 $ 14,922 $ 12,832 
We expect that cash provided by operating activities may fluctuate in future periods as a result of a
number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, the rate at which products are
shipped during the quarter (which we refer to as shipment linearity), the timing and collection of
accounts receivable and financing receivables, inventory and supply chain management, deferred
revenue and the timing and amount of tax and other payments. For additional discussion, see “Part I,
Item 1A. Risk Factors” in this report. 47 Table of Contents We consider free cash flow to be a
liquidity measure that provides useful information to management and investors because of our intent
to return a stated percentage of free cash flow to shareholders in the form of dividends and stock
repurchases. We further regard free cash flow as a useful measure because it reflects cash that can
be used to, among other things, invest in our business, make strategic acquisitions, repurchase
common stock, and pay dividends on our common stock, after deducting capital investments. A
limitation of the utility of free cash flow as a measure of financial performance and liquidity is
that the free cash flow does not represent the total increase or decrease in our cash balance for the
period. In addition, we have other required uses of cash, including repaying the principal of our
outstanding indebtedness. Free cash flow is not a measure calculated in accordance with U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles and should not be regarded in isolation or as an alternative
for net cash provided by operating activities or any other measure calculated in accordance with such
principles, and other companies may calculate free cash flow in a different manner than we do. The
following table summarizes the dividends paid and stock repurchases (in millions, except per-share
amounts):
 STOCK 
 REPURCHA… Weighted… 
 Years DIVIDENDS PROGRAM Price per TOTAL 
 Ended Per Share Amount Shares Share Amount Amount 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 July 25, $ 1.42 $ 6,016 59 $ 44.36 $ 2,619 $ 8,635 
 2020 
 July 27, $ 1.36 $ 5,979 418 $ 49.22 $ 20,577 $ 26,556 
 2019 
 July 28, $ 1.24 $ 5,968 432 $ 40.88 $ 17,661 $ 23,629 
 2018 
Any future dividends are subject to the approval of our Board of Directors. The remaining authorized
amount for stock repurchases under this program is approximately $10.8 billion , with no termination
date. Accounts Receivable, Net The following table summarizes our accounts receivable, net (in
millions):
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 Increase (Decrease) 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Accounts receivable, net $ 5,472 $ 5,491 $ (19 ) 
Our accounts receivable net, as of July 25, 2020 was flat compared with the end of fiscal 2019 .
Inventory Supply Chain The following table summarizes our inventories and purchase commitments with
contract manufacturers and suppliers (in millions):
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 Increase (Decrease) 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Inventories $ 1,282 $ 1,383 $ (101 ) 
 Purchase commitments with 
 contract $ 4,406 $ 4,967 $ (561 ) 
 manufacturers and suppliers 
Inventory as of July 25, 2020 decreased by 7% from our inventory balance at the end of fiscal 2019 ,
and for the same period purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers decreased by
approximately 11% . On a combined basis, inventories and purchase commitments with contract
manufacturers and suppliers decreased by 10% compared with the end of fiscal 2019 . The decrease in
inventory was primarily due to a decrease in finished goods and lower deferred cost of sales,
partially offset by an increase in raw materials. We purchase components from a variety of suppliers
and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. During the
normal course of business, in order to manage manufacturing lead times and help ensure adequate
component supply, we enter into agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that allow them
to procure inventory based upon criteria as defined by us or that establish the parameters defining
our requirements and our commitment to securing manufacturing capacity. Our purchase commitments are
for short-term product manufacturing requirements as well as for commitments to suppliers to secure
manufacturing capacity. Certain of our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers
relate to arrangements to secure long-term pricing for certain product components for multi-year
periods. A significant portion of our reported purchase commitments arising from these agreements are
firm, noncancelable, and unconditional commitments. In certain instances, these agreements allow us
the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to
firm orders being placed. We believe our inventory and purchase commitments levels are in line with
our current demand forecasts. 48 Table of Contents Inventory and supply chain management remain areas
of focus as we balance the need to maintain supply chain flexibility to help ensure competitive lead
times with the risk of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer
requirements. We believe the amount of our inventory and purchase commitments is appropriate for our
revenue levels. Financing Receivables and Guarantees The following table summarizes our financing
receivables (in millions):
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 Increase (Decrease) 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Lease receivables, net $ 2,088 $ 2,326 $ (238 ) 
 Loan receivables, net 5,856 5,367 489 
 Financed service contracts, 2,821 2,360 461 
 net 
 Total, net $ 10,765 $ 10,053 $ 712 
Financing Receivables Our financing arrangements include leases, loans, and financed service
contracts. Lease receivables include sales-type leases. Arrangements related to leases are generally
collateralized by a security interest in the underlying assets. Our loan receivables include customer
financing for purchases of our hardware, software and services and also may include additional funds
for other costs associated with network installation and integration of our products and services. We
also provide financing to certain qualified customers for long-term service contracts, which
primarily relate to technical support services. The majority of the revenue from these financed
service contracts is deferred and is recognized ratably over the period during which the services are
performed. Financing receivables increased by 7% . Financing Guarantees In the normal course of
business, third parties may provide financing arrangements to our customers and channel partners
under financing programs. The financing arrangements to customers provided by third parties are
related to leases and loans and typically have terms of up to three years. In some cases, we provide
guarantees to third parties for these lease and loan arrangements. The financing arrangements to
channel partners consist of revolving short-term financing provided by third parties, with payment
terms generally ranging from 60 to 90 days. During fiscal 2020, we expanded the payment terms on
certain of our channel partner financing programs by 30 days in response to the COVID-19 pandemic
environment. In certain instances, these financing arrangements result in a transfer of our
receivables to the third party. The receivables are derecognized upon transfer, as these transfers
qualify as true sales, and we receive payments for the receivables from the third party based on our
standard payment terms. The volume of channel partner financing was $26.9 billion , $29.6 billion ,
and $28.2 billion in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018 , respectively. These financing arrangements
facilitate the working capital requirements of the channel partners, and in some cases, we guarantee
a portion of these arrangements. The balance of the channel partner financing subject to guarantees
was $1.1 billion and $1.4 billion as of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 , respectively. We could be
called upon to make payments under these guarantees in the event of nonpayment by the channel
partners or end-user customers. Historically, our payments under these arrangements have been
immaterial. Where we provide a guarantee, we defer the revenue associated with the channel partner
and end-user financing arrangement in accordance with revenue recognition policies, or we record a
liability for the fair value of the guarantees. In either case, the deferred revenue is recognized as
revenue when the guarantee is removed. As of July 25, 2020 , the total maximum potential future
payments related to these guarantees was approximately $207 million , of which approximately $28
million was recorded as deferred revenue. COVID-19 Business Resiliency Program At the end of the
third quarter of fiscal 2020, we initiated a new Business Resiliency Program designed to help
customers and channel partners mitigate financial challenges resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic.
This program includes $2.5 billion in currently available funds to provide organizations with access
to financing solutions. The new Business Resiliency Program offered by us includes an up-front 90-day
payment holiday and allows a customer to defer 95 percent of the payments for a new product or
solution until calendar 2021, which in turn protects their business and increases their existing cash
flow. 49 Table of Contents Borrowings Senior Notes The following table summarizes the principal
amount of our senior notes (in millions):
 Maturity Date July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Senior notes: 
 Floating-rate notes: 
 Three-month LIBOR plus 0.34% September 20, 2019 $ — $ 500 
 Fixed-rate notes: 
 1.40% September 20, 2019 — 1,500 
 4.45% January 15, 2020 — 2,500 
 2.45% June 15, 2020 — 1,500 
 2.20% February 28, 2021 2,500 2,500 
 2.90% March 4, 2021 500 500 
 1.85% September 20, 2021 2,000 2,000 
 3.00% June 15, 2022 500 500 
 2.60% February 28, 2023 500 500 
 2.20% September 20, 2023 750 750 
 3.625% March 4, 2024 1,000 1,000 
 3.50% June 15, 2025 500 500 
 2.95% February 28, 2026 750 750 
 2.50% September 20, 2026 1,500 1,500 
 5.90% February 15, 2039 2,000 2,000 
 5.50% January 15, 2040 2,000 2,000 
 Total $ 14,500 $ 20,500 
Interest is payable semiannually on each class of the senior fixed-rate notes, each of which is
redeemable by us at any time, subject to a make-whole premium. We were in compliance with all debt
covenants as of July 25, 2020 . Commercial Paper We have a short-term debt financing program in which
up to $10.0 billion is available through the issuance of commercial paper notes. We use the proceeds
from the issuance of commercial paper notes for general corporate purposes. We had no commercial
paper notes outstanding as of July 25, 2020 . We had $4.2 billion in commercial paper notes
outstanding as of July 27, 2019 . Credit Facility On May 15, 2020, we entered into a 364-day credit
agreement with certain institutional lenders that provides for a $2.75 billion unsecured revolving
credit facility that is scheduled to expire on May 14, 2021. The credit agreement is structured as an
amendment and restatement of our five-year credit facility which would have terminated on May 15,
2020, the end of its five-year term. As of July 25, 2020 , we were in compliance with the required
interest coverage ratio and the other covenants, and we had not borrowed any funds under the credit
facility. Any advances under the credit agreement will accrue interest at rates that are equal to,
based on certain conditions, either (i) the highest of (a) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.50%, (b)
Bank of America’s “prime rate” as announced from time to time, or (c) LIBOR, or a comparable or
successor rate that is approved by the Administrative Agent (“Eurocurrency Rate”), for an interest
period of one month plus 1.00%, or (ii) the Eurocurrency Rate, plus a margin that is based on our
senior debt credit ratings as published by Standard & Poor’s Financial Services, LLC and Moody’s
Investors Service, Inc., provided that in no event will the Eurocurrency Rate be less than 0.25%. We
may also, upon the agreement of either the then-existing lenders or additional lenders not currently
parties to the agreement, increase the commitments under the credit facility by up to an additional
$2.0 billion. This credit agreement requires that we comply with certain covenants, including that we
maintain an interest coverage ratio as defined in the agreement. 50 Table of Contents Deferred
Revenue The following table presents the breakdown of deferred revenue (in millions):
 Increase 
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 (Decrease) 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Service $ 12,551 $ 11,709 $ 842 
 Product 7,895 6,758 1,137 
 Total $ 20,446 $ 18,467 $ 1,979 
 Reported as: 
 Current $ 11,406 $ 10,668 $ 738 
 Noncurrent 9,040 7,799 1,241 
 Total $ 20,446 $ 18,467 $ 1,979 
Total deferred revenue increased 11% in fiscal 2020 . The increase in deferred product revenue of 17%
was primarily due to increased deferrals related to our recurring software offerings. The increase in
deferred service revenue was driven by the impact of contract renewals, partially offset by
amortization of deferred service revenue. Remaining Performance Obligations The following table
presents the breakdown of remaining performance obligations (in millions):
 Increase 
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 (Decrease) 
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Product $ 11,261 $ 9,603 $ 1,658 
 Service 17,093 15,702 1,391 
 Total $ 28,354 $ 25,305 $ 3,049 
Total remaining performance obligations increased 12% in fiscal 2020 . Remaining performance
obligations for product and service increased 17% and 9% , respectively, compared to fiscal 2019 .
Contractual Obligations The impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources
in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with the factors that impact our cash flows from
operations discussed previously. In addition, we plan for and measure our liquidity and capital
resources through an annual budgeting process. The following table summarizes our contractual
obligations at July 25, 2020 (in millions):
 PAYMENTS 
 DUE BY 
 July 25, PERIOD Less than 1 1 to 3 3 to 5 More than 5 
 2020 Total Year Years Years Years 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Operating $ 1,033 $ 354 $ 439 $ 188 $ 52 
 leases 
 Purchase 
 commitmen… 
 with 
 contract 4,406 3,994 412 — — 
 manufactu… 
 and 
 suppliers 
 Other 
 purchase 1,226 522 423 209 72 
 obligatio… 
 Senior 14,500 3,000 3,000 2,250 6,250 
 notes 
 Transition 
 tax 7,638 727 1,455 3,183 2,273 
 payable 
 Other 
 long-term 1,405 — 358 93 954 
 liabiliti… 
 Total by $ 30,208 $ 8,597 $ 6,087 $ 5,923 $ 9,601 
 period 
 Other 
 long-term 
 liabiliti… 
 (uncertai… 2,007 
 in the 
 timing of 
 future 
 payments) 
 Total $ 32,215 
Operating Leases For more information on our operating leases, see Note 8 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements. Purchase Commitments with Contract Manufacturers and Suppliers We purchase
components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide
manufacturing services for our products. Our purchase commitments are for short-term product
manufacturing requirements as well as for commitments to suppliers to secure manufacturing capacity.
Certain of our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers relate to arrangements
to secure long-term pricing for certain product components for multi-year periods. A significant
portion of our reported estimated purchase commitments arising from these agreements are firm,
noncancelable, and unconditional commitments. We record a liability for firm, noncancelable, and 51
Table of Contents unconditional purchase commitments for quantities in excess of our future demand
forecasts consistent with the valuation of our excess and obsolete inventory. See further discussion
in “Inventory Supply Chain.” Other Purchase Obligations Other purchase obligations represent an
estimate of all contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business, other than operating
leases and commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, for which we have not received the
goods or services. Purchase orders are not included in the preceding table as they typically
represent our authorization to purchase rather than binding contractual purchase obligations. Long-
Term Debt The amount of long-term debt in the preceding table represents the principal amount of the
respective debt instruments. See Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Transition Tax
Payable Transition tax payable represents future cash tax payments associated with the one-time U.S.
transition tax on accumulated earnings of foreign subsidiaries as a result of the Tax Act. See Note
18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Other Long-Term Liabilities Other long-term liabilities
primarily include noncurrent income taxes payable, accrued liabilities for deferred compensation,
deferred tax liabilities, and certain other long-term liabilities. Due to the uncertainty in the
timing of future payments, our noncurrent income taxes payable of approximately $1.9 billion and
deferred tax liabilities of $81 million were presented as one aggregated amount in the total column
on a separate line in the preceding table. Noncurrent income taxes payable include uncertain tax
positions. See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Other Commitments In connection with
our acquisitions, we have agreed to pay certain additional amounts contingent upon the achievement of
certain agreed-upon technology, development, product, or other milestones or the continued employment
with us of certain employees of the acquired entities. See Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. We also have certain funding commitments primarily related to our non-marketable equity
and other investments, some of which may be based on the achievement of certain agreed-upon
milestones, and some of which are required to be funded on demand. The funding commitments were $0.3
billion as of each of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 . Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We consider
our investments in unconsolidated variable interest entities to be off-balance sheet arrangements. In
the ordinary course of business, we have non-marketable equity and other investments and provide
financing to certain customers. Certain of these investments are considered to be variable interest
entities. We evaluate on an ongoing basis our non-marketable equity and other investments and
customer financings, and we have determined that as of July 25, 2020 there were no material
unconsolidated variable interest entities. On an ongoing basis, we reassess our non-marketable equity
and other investments and customer financings to determine if they are variable interest entities and
if we would be regarded as the primary beneficiary pursuant to the applicable accounting guidance. As
a result of this ongoing assessment, we may be required to make additional disclosures or consolidate
these entities. Because we may not control these entities, we may not have the ability to influence
these events. We provide financing guarantees, which are generally for various third-party financing
arrangements extended to our channel partners and end-user customers. We could be called upon to make
payments under these guarantees in the event of nonpayment by the channel partners or end-user
customers. See the previous discussion of these financing guarantees under “Financing Receivables and
Guarantees.” Liquidity and Capital Resource Requirements While the COVID-19 pandemic has not
materially impacted our liquidity and capital resources to date, it has led to increased disruption
and volatility in capital markets and credit markets. The pandemic and resulting economic uncertainty
could adversely affect our liquidity and capital resources in the future. Based on past performance
and current expectations, we believe our cash and cash equivalents, investments, cash generated from
operations, and ability to access capital markets and committed credit lines will satisfy, through at
least the next 12 months, our liquidity requirements, both in total and domestically, including the
following: working capital needs, capital expenditures, investment requirements, stock repurchases,
cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on debt,
pending acquisitions, future customer financings, and other liquidity requirements associated with
our operations. There are no other transactions, arrangements, or relationships with unconsolidated
entities or other persons that are reasonably likely to materially affect the liquidity and the
availability of, as well as our requirements for, capital resources. 52 Table of Contents
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
Our financial position is exposed to a variety of risks, including interest rate risk, equity price
risk, and foreign currency exchange risk. We have seen an increase in these risks and related
uncertainties with increased volatility in the financial markets in the current environment with the
COVID-19 pandemic. Interest Rate Risk Available-for-Sale Debt Investments We maintain an investment
portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. Our primary objective for holding available-
for-sale debt investments is to achieve an appropriate investment return consistent with preserving
principal and managing risk. At any time, a sharp rise in market interest rates could have a material
adverse impact on the fair value of our available-for-sale debt investment portfolio. Conversely,
declines in interest rates as has also happened recently, including the impact from lower credit
spreads, could have a material adverse impact on interest income for our investment portfolio. We may
utilize derivative instruments designated as hedging instruments to achieve our investment
objectives. We had no outstanding hedging instruments for our available-for-sale debt investments as
of July 25, 2020 . Our available-for-sale debt investments are held for purposes other than trading.
Our available-for-sale debt investments are not leveraged as of July 25, 2020 . We monitor our
interest rate and credit risks, including our credit exposures to specific rating categories and to
individual issuers. We believe the overall credit quality of our portfolio is strong. The following
tables present the hypothetical fair values of our available-for-sale debt investments, including the
hedging effects when applicable, as a result of selected potential market decreases and increases in
interest rates. The market changes reflect immediate hypothetical parallel shifts in the yield curve
of plus or minus 50 basis points (BPS), plus 100 BPS, and plus 150 BPS. The hypothetical fair values
as of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 are as follows (in millions):
 VALUAT… 
 VALUATI… OF 
 OF SECURI… 
 SECURIT… GIVEN 
 GIVEN AN AN 
 INTEREST INTERE… 
 RATE FAIR RATE 
 DECREASE VALUE INCREA… 
 OF X  AS OF OF X  
 BASIS  JULY 25, BASIS  
 POINTS 2020 POINTS 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 -150 -100 -50 BPS 50 BPS 100 BPS 150 BPS 
 BPS BPS 
 Avail… 
 debt $17,877 $17,788 $17,699 $17,610 $17,522 $17,433 $17,344 
 inves… 
 VALUAT… 
 VALUATI… OF 
 OF SECURI… 
 SECURIT… GIVEN 
 GIVEN AN AN 
 INTEREST INTERE… 
 RATE FAIR RATE 
 DECREASE VALUEAS INCREA… 
 OF X  OF OF X  
 BASIS  JULY 27, BASIS  
 POINTS 2019 POINTS 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 -150 -100 -50 BPS 50 BPS 100 BPS 150 BPS 
 BPS BPS 
 Avail… 
 debt $22,017 $21,898 $21,779 $21,660 $21,541 $21,421 $21,302 
 inves… 
Financing Receivables As of July 25, 2020 , our financing receivables had a carrying value of $10.8
billion , compared with $10.1 billion as of July 27, 2019 . As of July 25, 2020 , a hypothetical 50
BPS increase or decrease in market interest rates would change the fair value of our financing
receivables by a decrease or increase of approximately $0.1 billion, respectively. Debt As of July
25, 2020 , we had $14.5 billion in principal amount of senior fixed-rate notes outstanding. The
carrying amount of the senior notes was $14.6 billion , and the related fair value based on market
prices was $17.4 billion . As of July 25, 2020 , a hypothetical 50 BPS increase or decrease in market
interest rates would change the fair value of the fixed-rate debt, excluding the $2.5 billion of
hedged debt, by a decrease or increase of approximately $0.5 billion, respectively. However, this
hypothetical change in interest rates would not impact the interest expense on the fixed-rate debt
that is not hedged. Equity Price Risk Marketable Equity Investments The fair value of our marketable
equity investments is subject to market price volatility. We may hold equity securities for strategic
purposes or to diversify our overall investment portfolio. These equity securities are held for
purposes other than trading. We had no outstanding marketable equity securities as of July 25, 2020 .
Non-marketable Equity and Other Investments These investments are recorded in other assets in our
Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of July 25, 2020 , the total carrying amount of our non-marketable
equity and other investments was $1.3 billion , compared with $1.2 billion at July 27, 2019 . Some of
these companies in which we invested are in the startup or development stages. These investments are
inherently risky because the markets for the technologies or products these companies are developing
are typically in the early stages and may never materialize. We could lose our entire investment in
these companies. Our evaluation of non-marketable equity and other investments is based on the
fundamentals of the businesses invested in, including, among other factors, the nature of their
technologies and potential for financial return. 53 Table of Contents Foreign Currency Exchange Risk
Our foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding at fiscal year-end are summarized in U.S. dollar 
equivalents as follows (in millions): 
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Notional Amount Fair Value Notional Amount Fair Value 
 Forward contracts: 
 Purchased $ 2,441 $ 1 $ 2,239 $ 14 
 Sold $ 1,874 $ 4 $ 1,441 $ (14 ) 
At July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 , we had no option contracts outstanding. We conduct business
globally in numerous currencies. The direct effect of foreign currency fluctuations on revenue has
not been material because our revenue is primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. However, if the U.S.
dollar strengthens relative to other currencies, such strengthening could have an indirect effect on
our revenue to the extent it raises the cost of our products to non-U.S. customers and thereby
reduces demand. A weaker U.S. dollar could have the opposite effect. However, the precise indirect
effect of currency fluctuations is difficult to measure or predict because our revenue is influenced
by many factors in addition to the impact of such currency fluctuations. Approximately 70% of our
operating expenses are U.S.-dollar denominated. In fiscal 2020 , foreign currency fluctuations, net
of hedging, decreased our combined R&D, sales and marketing, and G&A expenses by approximately $141
million , or 0.8% , as compared with fiscal 2019 . To reduce variability in operating expenses and
service cost of sales caused by non-U.S.-dollar denominated operating expenses and costs, we may
hedge certain forecasted foreign currency transactions with currency options and forward contracts.
These hedging programs are not designed to provide foreign currency protection over long time
horizons. In designing a specific hedging approach, we consider several factors, including offsetting
exposures, significance of exposures, costs associated with entering into a particular hedge
instrument, and potential effectiveness of the hedge. The gains and losses on foreign exchange
contracts mitigate the effect of currency movements on our operating expenses and service cost of
sales. We also enter into foreign exchange forward and option contracts to reduce the short-term
effects of foreign currency fluctuations on receivables and payables that are denominated in
currencies other than the functional currencies of the entities. The market risks associated with
these foreign currency receivables, investments, and payables relate primarily to variances from our
forecasted foreign currency transactions and balances. We do not enter into foreign exchange forward
or option contracts for speculative purposes. 54 Table of Contents
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
Index to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting 56 
 Firm 
 Reports of Management 58 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 61 
 (Loss) 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 62 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 63 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 64 
 Note 1: Basis of Presentation 64 
 Note 2: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 64 
 Note 3: Revenue 71 
 Note 4: Acquisitions and Divestitures 72 
 Note 5: Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Assets 73 
 Note 6: Restructuring and Other Charges 75 
 Note 7: Balance Sheet Details 76 
 Note 8: Leases 77 
 Note 9: Financing Receivables 78 
 Note 10: Available-for-Sale Debt and Equity 81 
 Investments 
 Note 11: Fair Value 84 
 Note 12: Borrowings 85 
 Note 13: Derivative Instruments 87 
 Note 14: Commitments and Contingencies 90 
 Note 15: Shareholders’ Equity 94 
 Note 16: Employee Benefit Plans 94 
 Note 17: Comprehensive Income (Loss) 98 
 Note 18: Income Taxes 99 
 Note 19: Segment Information and Major Customers 101 
 Note 20: Net Income per Share 103 
 Supplementary Financial Data (Unaudited) 104 
55 Table of Contents Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of
Directors and Shareholders of Cisco Systems, Inc. Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal
Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of
Cisco Systems, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 , and
the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), equity and cash flows
for each of the three years in the period ended July 25, 2020 , including the related notes and
schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended July
25, 2020 appearing under Item 15 (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial
statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of July
25, 2020 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by
the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the
consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 , and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended July 25, 2020 in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our
opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of July 25, 2020 , based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Changes in Accounting Principles As discussed in Note 2 to the
consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for leases in
2020 and the manner in which it accounts for revenue from contracts with customers in 2019. Basis for
Opinions The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for
maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the
Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial
reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to
the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in
accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the
audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of
material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over
financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial
statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the
consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the
amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating
the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over
financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control
over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and
procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and
fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and
expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a
material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation
of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures
may deteriorate. 56 Table of Contents Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated
below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to
accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved
our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit
matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a
whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion
on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Revenue
recognition — identification of contractual terms in certain customer arrangements As described in
Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, management assesses relevant contractual terms in
its customer arrangements to determine the transaction price and recognizes revenue upon transfer of
control of the promised goods or services in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company
expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. Management applies judgment in
determining the transaction price which is dependent on the contractual terms. In order to determine
the transaction price, management may be required to estimate variable consideration when determining
the amount and timing of revenue recognition. The principal considerations for our determination that
performing procedures relating to the identification of contractual terms in customer arrangements to
determine the transaction price is a critical audit matter are there was significant judgment by
management in identifying contractual terms due to the volume and customized nature of the Company’s
customer arrangements. This in turn led to significant effort in performing our audit procedures
which were designed to evaluate whether the contractual terms used in the determination of the
transaction price and the timing of revenue recognition were appropriately identified and determined
by management and to evaluate the reasonableness of management’s estimates. Addressing the matter
involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall
opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness
of controls relating to the revenue recognition process, including those related to the
identification of contractual terms in customer arrangements that impact the determination of the
transaction price and revenue recognition. These procedures also included, among others, (i) testing
the completeness and accuracy of management’s identification of the contractual terms by examining
customer arrangements on a test basis, and (ii) testing management’s process for determining the
appropriate amount and timing of revenue recognition based on the contractual terms identified in the
customer arrangements. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP San Jose, California September 3, 2020 We have
served as the Company’s auditor since 1988. 57 Table of Contents Reports of Management Statement of
Management's Responsibility Cisco’s management has always assumed full accountability for maintaining
compliance with our established financial accounting policies and for reporting our results with
objectivity and the highest degree of integrity. It is critical for investors and other users of the
Consolidated Financial Statements to have confidence that the financial information that we provide
is timely, complete, relevant, and accurate. Management is responsible for the fair presentation of
Cisco’s Consolidated Financial Statements, prepared in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America, and has full responsibility for their integrity
and accuracy. Management, with oversight by Cisco’s Board of Directors, has established and maintains
a strong ethical climate so that our affairs are conducted to the highest standards of personal and
corporate conduct. Management also has established an effective system of internal controls. Cisco’s
policies and practices reflect corporate governance initiatives that are compliant with the listing
requirements of Nasdaq and the corporate governance requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.
We are committed to enhancing shareholder value and fully understand and embrace our fiduciary
oversight responsibilities. We are dedicated to ensuring that our high standards of financial
accounting and reporting, as well as our underlying system of internal controls, are maintained. Our
culture demands integrity, and we have the highest confidence in our processes, our internal controls
and our people, who are objective in their responsibilities and who operate under the highest level
of ethical standards. Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for
Cisco. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to
the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only
in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or
disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or
detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management (with the
participation of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer) conducted an
evaluation of the effectiveness of Cisco’s internal control over financial reporting based on the
framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management concluded that Cisco’s
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of July 25, 2020 . PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the effectiveness of Cisco’s
internal control over financial reporting and has issued a report on Cisco’s internal control over
financial reporting, which is included in their report on the preceding pages.
 /S/CHARLESH.ROBBINS /S/KELLYA.KRAMER 
 Charles H. Robbins Kelly A. Kramer 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 September 3, 2020 September 3, 2020 
58 Table of Contents CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. Consolidated Balance Sheets (in millions, except par value)
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 ASSETS 
 Current assets: 
 Cash and cash equivalents $ 11,809 $ 11,750 
 Investments 17,610 21,663 
 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful 
 accounts 5,472 5,491 
 of $143 at July 25, 2020 and $136 at July 27, 2019 
 Inventories 1,282 1,383 
 Financing receivables, net 5,051 5,095 
 Other current assets 2,349 2,373 
 Total current assets 43,573 47,755 
 Property and equipment, net 2,453 2,789 
 Financing receivables, net 5,714 4,958 
 Goodwill 33,806 33,529 
 Purchased intangible assets, net 1,576 2,201 
 Deferred tax assets 3,990 4,065 
 Other assets 3,741 2,496 
 TOTAL ASSETS $ 94,853 $ 97,793 
 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: 
 Short-term debt $ 3,005 $ 10,191 
 Accounts payable 2,218 2,059 
 Income taxes payable 839 1,149 
 Accrued compensation 3,122 3,221 
 Deferred revenue 11,406 10,668 
 Other current liabilities 4,741 4,424 
 Total current liabilities 25,331 31,712 
 Long-term debt 11,578 14,475 
 Income taxes payable 8,837 8,927 
 Deferred revenue 9,040 7,799 
 Other long-term liabilities 2,147 1,309 
 Total liabilities 56,933 64,222 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 
 Equity: 
 Cisco shareholders’ equity: 
 Preferred stock, no par value: 
 5 shares authorized; none issued and — — 
 outstanding 
 Common stock and additional paid-in 
 capital, $0.001 par value: 
 20,000 shares authorized; 4,237 and 41,202 40,266 
 4,250 shares issued and outstanding at 
 July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019, 
 respectively 
 Accumulated deficit (2,763 ) (5,903 ) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (519 ) (792 ) 
 Total equity 37,920 33,571 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY $ 94,853 $ 97,793 
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 59 Table of Contents CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. Consolidated
Statements of Operations (in millions, except per-share amounts)
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 REVENUE: 
 Product $ 35,978 $ 39,005 $ 36,709 
 Service 13,323 12,899 12,621 
 Total revenue 49,301 51,904 49,330 
 COST OF SALES: 
 Product 13,199 14,863 14,427 
 Service 4,419 4,375 4,297 
 Total cost of sales 17,618 19,238 18,724 
 GROSS MARGIN 31,683 32,666 30,606 
 OPERATING EXPENSES: 
 Research and development 6,347 6,577 6,332 
 Sales and marketing 9,169 9,571 9,242 
 General and administrative 1,925 1,827 2,144 
 Amortization of purchased 
 intangible 141 150 221 
 assets 
 Restructuring and other 481 322 358 
 charges 
 Total operating expenses 18,063 18,447 18,297 
 OPERATING INCOME 13,620 14,219 12,309 
 Interest income 920 1,308 1,508 
 Interest expense (585 ) (859 ) (943 ) 
 Other income (loss), net 15 (97 ) 165 
 Interest and other income 350 352 730 
 (loss), net 
 INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR 13,970 14,571 13,039 
 INCOME TAXES 
 Provision for income taxes 2,756 2,950 12,929 
 NET INCOME $ 11,214 $ 11,621 $ 110 
 Net income per share: 
 Basic $ 2.65 $ 2.63 $ 0.02 
 Diluted $ 2.64 $ 2.61 $ 0.02 
 Shares used in per-share 
 calculation: 
 Basic 4,236 4,419 4,837 
 Diluted 4,254 4,453 4,881 
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 60 Table of Contents CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. Consolidated
Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (in millions)
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Net income $ 11,214 $ 11,621 $ 110 
 Available-for-sale 
 investments: 
 Change in net unrealized gains 
 and 
 losses, net of tax benefit 
 (expense) of 336 459 (554 ) 
 $(84), $(101), and $(11) for 
 fiscal 
 2020, 2019, and 2018, 
 respectively 
 Net (gains) losses 
 reclassified into 
 earnings, net of tax expense 
 (benefit) (21 ) 19 (183 ) 
 of $21, $6, and $104 for 
 fiscal 2020, 
 2019, and 2018, respectively 
 315 478 (737 ) 
 Cash flow hedging instruments: 
 Change in unrealized gains and 
 losses, 
 net of tax benefit (expense) 
 of $0, $0, 7 — 18 
 and $(3) for fiscal 2020, 
 2019, and 
 2018, respectively 
 Net (gains) losses 
 reclassified into 
 earnings, net of tax (benefit) 
 expense 1 (3 ) (61 ) 
 of $0, $0, and $7 for fiscal 
 2020, 2019, 
 and 2018, respectively 
 8 (3 ) (43 ) 
 Net change in cumulative 
 translation 
 adjustment and actuarial gains 
 and 
 losses, net of tax benefit (50 ) (250 ) (160 ) 
 (expense) of 
 $(5), $15, and $(8) for fiscal 
 2020, 
 2019, and 2018, respectively 
 Other comprehensive income 273 225 (940 ) 
 (loss) 
 Comprehensive income (loss) $ 11,487 $ 11,846 $ (830 ) 
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 61 Table of Contents CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows (in millions)
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Cash flows from operating 
 activities: 
 Net income $ 11,214 $ 11,621 $ 110 
 Adjustments to reconcile net 
 income to 
 net cash provided by operating 
 activities: 
 Depreciation, amortization, 1,808 1,897 2,192 
 and other 
 Share-based compensation 1,569 1,570 1,576 
 expense 
 Provision (benefit) for 93 40 (134 ) 
 receivables 
 Deferred income taxes (38 ) (350 ) 900 
 (Gains) losses on 
 divestitures, (138 ) (24 ) (322 ) 
 investments and other, net 
 Change in operating assets and 
 liabilities, net of effects of 
 acquisitions and divestitures: 
 Accounts receivable (107 ) (84 ) (269 ) 
 Inventories 84 131 (244 ) 
 Financing receivables (797 ) (249 ) (219 ) 
 Other assets 96 (955 ) 66 
 Accounts payable 141 87 504 
 Income taxes, net (322 ) 312 8,118 
 Accrued compensation (78 ) 277 100 
 Deferred revenue 2,011 1,407 1,205 
 Other liabilities (110 ) 151 83 
 Net cash provided by operating 15,426 15,831 13,666 
 activities 
 Cash flows from investing 
 activities: 
 Purchases of investments (9,212 ) (2,416 ) (14,285 ) 
 Proceeds from sales of 5,631 7,388 17,706 
 investments 
 Proceeds from maturities of 7,975 12,928 15,769 
 investments 
 Acquisitions and divestitures (327 ) (2,175 ) (2,979 ) 
 Purchases of investments in 
 privately (190 ) (148 ) (267 ) 
 held companies 
 Return of investments in 
 privately held 224 159 168 
 companies 
 Acquisition of property and (770 ) (909 ) (834 ) 
 equipment 
 Proceeds from sales of 
 property and 179 22 59 
 equipment 
 Other (10 ) (12 ) (19 ) 
 Net cash provided by investing 3,500 14,837 15,318 
 activities 
 Cash flows from financing 
 activities: 
 Issuances of common stock 655 640 623 
 Repurchases of common stock - 
 repurchase (2,659 ) (20,717 ) (17,547 ) 
 program 
 Shares repurchased for tax 
 withholdings (727 ) (862 ) (703 ) 
 on vesting of restricted stock 
 units 
 Short-term borrowings, 
 original (3,470 ) 3,446 (2,502 ) 
 maturities of 90 days or less, 
 net 
 Issuances of debt — 2,250 6,877 
 Repayments of debt (6,720 ) (6,780 ) (12,375 ) 
 Dividends paid (6,016 ) (5,979 ) (5,968 ) 
 Other 51 113 (169 ) 
 Net cash used in financing (18,886 ) (27,889 ) (31,764 ) 
 activities 
 Net increase (decrease) in 
 cash, cash 40 2,779 (2,780 ) 
 equivalents, and restricted 
 cash 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and 
 restricted 11,772 8,993 11,773 
 cash, beginning of fiscal year 
 Cash, cash equivalents, and 
 restricted $ 11,812 $ 11,772 $ 8,993 
 cash, end of fiscal year 
 Supplemental cash flow 
 information: 
 Cash paid for interest $ 603 $ 892 $ 911 
 Cash paid for income taxes, $ 3,116 $ 2,986 $ 3,911 
 net 
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
62 Table of Contents CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. Consolidated Statements of Equity
 (in millions, except per-share amounts) 
 Common 
 Stock Accumula… 
 Shares  and Retained Other 
 of Additio… Earnings Comprehe… 
 Common Paid-In (Accumu… Income Total 
 Stock Capital Deficit) (Loss) Equity 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 BALANCE 
 AT JULY 4,983 $ 45,253 $ 20,838 $ 46 $ 66,137 
 29, 
 2017 
 Net 110 110 
 income 
 Other 
 compre… (940 ) (940 ) 
 income 
 (loss) 
 Issuan… 
 of 83 623 623 
 common 
 stock 
 Repurc… 
 of (432 ) (3,950 ) (13,711 ) (17,661 ) 
 common 
 stock 
 Shares 
 repurc… 
 for tax 
 withho… 
 on (20 ) (703 ) (703 ) 
 vesting 
 of 
 restri… 
 stock 
 units 
 Cash 
 divide… 
 declar… 
 ($1.24 (5,968 ) (5,968 ) 
 per 
 common 
 share) 
 Effect 
 of 
 adopti… (36 ) 45 9 
 of 
 accoun… 
 standa… 
 Share-… 1,576 1,576 
 compen… 
 Purcha… 
 acquis… 21 21 
 and 
 other 
 BALANCE 
 AT JULY 4,614 $ 42,820 $ 1,233 $ (849 ) $ 43,204 
 28, 
 2018 
 Net 11,621 11,621 
 income 
 Other 
 compre… 225 225 
 income 
 (loss) 
 Issuan… 
 of 71 640 640 
 common 
 stock 
 Repurc… 
 of (418 ) (3,902 ) (16,675 ) (20,577 ) 
 common 
 stock 
 Shares 
 repurc… 
 for tax 
 withho… 
 on (17 ) (862 ) (862 ) 
 vesting 
 of 
 restri… 
 stock 
 units 
 Cash 
 divide… 
 declar… 
 ($1.36 (5,979 ) (5,979 ) 
 per 
 common 
 share) 
 Effect 
 of 
 adopti… 3,897 (168 ) 3,729 
 of 
 accoun… 
 standa… 
 Share-… 1,570 1,570 
 compen… 
 BALANCE 
 AT JULY 4,250 $ 40,266 $ (5,903 ) $ (792 ) $ 33,571 
 27, 
 2019 
 Net 11,214 11,214 
 income 
 Other 
 compre… 273 273 
 income 
 (loss) 
 Issuan… 
 of 61 655 655 
 common 
 stock 
 Repurc… 
 of (59 ) (561 ) (2,058 ) (2,619 ) 
 common 
 stock 
 Shares 
 repurc… 
 for tax 
 withho… 
 on (15 ) (727 ) (727 ) 
 vesting 
 of 
 restri… 
 stock 
 units 
 Cash 
 divide… 
 declar… 
 ($1.42 (6,016 ) (6,016 ) 
 per 
 common 
 share) 
 Share-… 1,569 1,569 
 compen… 
 BALANCE 
 AT JULY 4,237 $ 41,202 $ (2,763 ) $ (519 ) $ 37,920 
 25, 
 2020 
See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 63 Table of Contents CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements
 1. Basis of Presentation 
The fiscal year for Cisco Systems, Inc. (the “Company,” “Cisco,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) is the 52 or
53 weeks ending on the last Saturday in July. Fiscal 2020 , fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 were each
52-week fiscal years. The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of ours and those of
our subsidiaries. All intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated. We conduct
business globally and are primarily managed on a geographic basis in the following three geographic
segments: the Americas; Europe, Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); and Asia Pacific, Japan, and China
(APJC). Our consolidated financial statements include our accounts and entities consolidated under
the variable interest and voting models. The noncontrolling interests attributed to these
investments, if any, are presented as a separate component from our equity in the equity section of
the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The share of earnings attributable to the noncontrolling interests
are not presented separately in the Consolidated Statements of Operations as these amounts are not
material for any of the fiscal periods presented. Certain reclassifications have been made to the
amounts for prior years in order to conform to the current year’s presentation. We have evaluated
subsequent events through the date that the financial statements were issued.
 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
(a) Cash and Cash Equivalents We consider all highly liquid investments purchased with an original or
remaining maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. Cash and
cash equivalents are maintained with various financial institutions.
(b) Available-for-Sale Debt Investments We classify our investments in fixed income securities as
available-for-sale debt investments. Our available-for-sale debt investments primarily consist of
U.S. government, U.S. government agency, corporate debt, and U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities.
These available-for-sale debt investments are primarily held in the custody of a major financial
institution. A specific identification method is used to determine the cost basis of available-for-
sale debt investments sold. These investments are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair
value. Unrealized gains and losses on these investments, to the extent the investments are unhedged,
are included as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI), net of tax. We
classify our investments as current based on the nature of the investments and their availability for
use in current operations.
(c) Equity Instruments Our equity investments are accounted for as follows:
 • Marketable equity securitieshave readily determinable fair value (RDFV) that are measured and 
 recorded at fair value through income. 
 Non-marketable equity securitiesdo not have RDFV and are measured using a measurement 
 alternative recorded at cost less any impairment, plus or minus changes resulting from 
 • qualifying observable price changes. For certain of these securities, we have elected to apply 
 the net asset value (NAV) practical expedient. The NAV is the estimated fair value of these 
 investments. 
 Equity method investments are securities we do not control, but are able to exert significant 
 • influence over the investee. These investments are measured at cost less any impairment, plus 
 or minus our share of equity method investee income or loss. 
(d) Impairments of Investments When the fair value of a debt security is less than its amortized
cost, it is deemed impaired, and we will assess whether the impairment is other than temporary. An
impairment is considered other than temporary if (i) we have the intent to sell the security, (ii) it
is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of the entire
amortized cost basis, or (iii) we do not expect to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the
security. If impairment is considered other than temporary based on condition (i) or (ii) described
earlier, the entire difference between the amortized cost and the fair value of the debt security is
recognized in earnings. If an impairment is considered other than temporary based on condition (iii),
the amount representing credit losses (defined as the difference between the present value of the
cash flows expected to be collected and the amortized cost basis of the debt security) will be
recognized in earnings, and the amount relating to all other factors will be recognized in other
comprehensive income (OCI).
We hold non-marketable equity and other investments which are included in other assets in the
Consolidated Balance Sheets. We monitor these investments for impairments and make reductions in
carrying values if we determine that an impairment charge is required based primarily on the
financial condition and near-term prospects of these companies.
64 Table of Contents (e) Inventories Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is
computed using standard cost, which approximates actual cost, on a first-in, first-out basis. We
provide inventory write-downs based on excess and obsolete inventories determined primarily by future
demand forecasts. The write-down is measured as the difference between the cost of the inventory and
market based upon assumptions about future demand and charged to the provision for inventory, which
is a component of cost of sales. At the point of the loss recognition, a new, lower cost basis for
that inventory is established, and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the
restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis. In addition, we record a liability for
firm, noncancelable, and unconditional purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers
for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with our valuation of excess and
obsolete inventory. (f) Allowance for Doubtful Accounts The allowance for doubtful accounts is based
on our assessment of the collectibility of customer accounts. We regularly review the allowance by
considering factors such as historical experience, credit quality, age of the accounts receivable
balances, economic conditions that may affect a customer’s ability to pay, and expected default
frequency rates. Trade receivables are written off at the point when they are considered
uncollectible. (g) Financing Receivables and Guarantees We provide financing arrangements, including
leases, financed service contracts, and loans, for certain qualified end-user customers to build,
maintain, and upgrade their networks. Lease receivables primarily represent sales-type and direct-
financing leases. Leases have on average a four -year term and are usually collateralized by a
security interest in the underlying assets. Loan receivables include customers financing purchases of
our hardware, software and services and also may include additional funds for other costs associated
with network installation and integration of our products and services. Loan receivables have terms
of three years on average. Financed service contracts typically have terms of one to three years and
primarily relate to technical support services. We determine the adequacy of our allowance for credit
loss by assessing the risks and losses inherent in our financing receivables by portfolio segment.
The portfolio segment is based on the types of financing offered by us to our customers: lease
receivables, loan receivables, and financed service contracts. We assess the allowance for credit
loss related to financing receivables on either an individual or a collective basis. We consider
various factors in evaluating lease and loan receivables and the earned portion of financed service
contracts for possible impairment on an individual basis. These factors include our historical
experience, credit quality and age of the receivable balances, and economic conditions that may
affect a customer’s ability to pay. When the evaluation indicates that it is probable that all
amounts due pursuant to the contractual terms of the financing agreement, including scheduled
interest payments, are unable to be collected, the financing receivable is considered impaired. All
such outstanding amounts, including any accrued interest, are assessed and reserved at the customer
level. Our internal credit risk ratings are categorized as 1 through 10 , with the lowest credit risk
rating representing the highest quality financing receivables. Typically, we also consider financing
receivables with a risk rating of 8 or higher to be impaired and will include them in the individual
assessment for allowance. We evaluate the remainder of our financing receivables portfolio for
impairment on a collective basis and record an allowance for credit loss at the portfolio segment
level. When evaluating the financing receivables on a collective basis, we use historical default
rates and expected default frequency rates published by major third-party credit-rating agencies as
well as our own historical loss rate in the event of default, while also systematically giving effect
to economic conditions, concentration of risk, and correlation. Expected default frequency rates and
historical default rates are published quarterly by major third-party credit-rating agencies, and the
internal credit risk rating is derived by taking into consideration various customer-specific factors
and macroeconomic conditions. These factors, which include the strength of the customer’s business
and financial performance, the quality of the customer’s banking relationships, our specific
historical experience with the customer, the performance and outlook of the customer’s industry, the
customer’s legal and regulatory environment, the potential sovereign risk of the geographic locations
in which the customer is operating, and independent third-party evaluations, are updated regularly or
when facts and circumstances indicate that an update is deemed necessary. Financing receivables are
written off at the point when they are considered uncollectible, and all outstanding balances,
including any previously earned but uncollected interest income, will be reversed and charged against
the allowance for credit loss. We do not typically have any partially written-off financing
receivables. Outstanding financing receivables that are aged 31 days or more from the contractual
payment date are considered past due. We do not accrue interest on financing receivables that are
considered impaired or more than 120 days past due unless either the receivable has not been
collected due to administrative reasons or the receivable is well secured and in the process of
collection. Financing receivables may be placed on nonaccrual status earlier if, in management’s
opinion, a timely collection of the full principal and interest becomes uncertain. After a financing
receivable has been categorized as nonaccrual, interest will be recognized when cash is received. A
financing receivable may be returned to accrual status after all of the customer’s delinquent
balances of principal and interest have been settled, and the customer remains current for an
appropriate period. 65 Table of Contents
We facilitate arrangements for third-party financing extended to channel partners, consisting of
revolving short-term financing, generally with payment terms ranging from 60 to 90 days. In certain
instances, these financing arrangements result in a transfer of our receivables to the third party.
The receivables are derecognized upon transfer, as these transfers qualify as true sales, and we
receive a payment for the receivables from the third party based on our standard payment terms. These
financing arrangements facilitate the working capital requirements of the channel partners, and, in
some cases, we guarantee a portion of these arrangements. We also provide financing guarantees for
third-party financing arrangements extended to end-user customers related to leases and loans, which
typically have terms of up to three years . We could be called upon to make payments under these
guarantees in the event of nonpayment by the channel partners or end-user customers. Deferred revenue
relating to these financing arrangements is recorded in accordance with revenue recognition policies
or for the fair value of the financing guarantees.
(h) Leases We lease real estate, information technology (IT) and other equipment and vehicles. We
also have arrangements with certain suppliers and contract manufacturers which includes the leasing
of dedicated space and equipment costs. Our leases have the option to extend or terminate the lease
when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option.
As a lessee, we determine if an arrangement is a lease at commencement. Our ROU lease assets
represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our
obligation to make lease payments related to the lease. Operating lease ROU assets and liabilities
are recognized at the commencement date based on the present value of lease payments over the lease
term. We use incremental borrowing rates based on information available at the commencement date to
determine the present value of our lease payments. Certain of our lease agreements contain variable
lease payments. Our variable lease payments can fluctuate depending on the level of activity or the
cost of certain services where we have elected to combine lease and non-lease components. While these
payments are not included as part of our lease liabilities, they are recognized as variable lease
expense in the period they are incurred.
We provide leasing of our equipment and complementary third-party products primarily through our
channel partners and distributors, for which the income arising from these leases is recognized
through interest income. As a lessor, we determine if an arrangement is a lease at inception. We
provide leasing arrangements for our equipment to certain qualified customers. Our lease portfolio
primarily consists of sales-type leases. We allocate the consideration in a bundled contract with our
customers based on relative standalone selling prices of our lease and non-lease components. The
residual value on our leased equipment is determined at the inception of the lease based on an
analysis of estimates of the value of equipment, market factors and historical customer behavior.
Residual value estimates are reviewed on a periodic basis and other-than-temporary declines are
expensed in the period they occur. Our leases generally provide an end-of-term option for the
customer to extend the lease under mutually-agreed terms, return the leased equipment, or purchase
the equipment for either the then-market value of the equipment or a pre-determined purchase price.
If a customer chooses to terminate their lease prior to the original end of term date, the customer
is required to pay all remaining lease payments in full.
For additional information, see Note 8.
(i) Depreciation and Amortization Property and equipment are stated at cost, less accumulated
depreciation or amortization, whenever applicable. Depreciation and amortization expenses for
property and equipment were approximately $ 0.9billion , $ 1.0billion , and $ 1.1billion for fiscal
2020 , 2019 , and 2018 , respectively. Depreciation and amortization are computed using the straight-
line method, generally over the following periods:
 Asset Category Period 
 Buildings 25 years 
 Building improvements 10 years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of remaining lease term or up to 10 years 
 Computer equipment and related software 30 to 36 months 
 Production, engineering, and other Up to 5 years 
 equipment 
 Operating lease assets Based on lease term 
 Furniture and fixtures 5 years 
(j) Business Combinations We allocate the fair value of the purchase consideration of our
acquisitions to the tangible assets, liabilities, and intangible assets acquired, including in-
process research and development (IPR&D), based on their estimated fair values. The excess of the
fair value of purchase consideration over the fair values of these identifiable assets and
liabilities is recorded as goodwill. IPR&D is initially capitalized at fair value as an intangible
asset with an indefinite life and assessed for impairment thereafter. When an IPR&D project is
completed, the IPR&D is reclassified as an amortizable purchased intangible asset and amortized over
the asset’s estimated useful life. Acquisition-related expenses and related restructuring costs are
recognized separately from the business combination and are expensed as incurred.
66 Table of Contents (k) Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Assets Goodwill is tested for impairment
on an annual basis in the fourth fiscal quarter and, when specific circumstances dictate, between
annual tests. When impaired, the carrying value of goodwill is written down to fair value.
Identifying a potential impairment consists of comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its
carrying amount, including goodwill. Purchased intangible assets with finite lives are carried at
cost, less accumulated amortization. Amortization is computed over the estimated useful lives of the
respective assets. See “Long-Lived Assets” for our policy regarding impairment testing of purchased
intangible assets with finite lives. Purchased intangible assets with indefinite lives are assessed
for potential impairment annually or when events or circumstances indicate that their carrying
amounts might be impaired. (l) Long-Lived Assets Long-lived assets that are held and used by us are
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount
of such assets may not be recoverable. Determination of recoverability of long-lived assets is based
on an estimate of the undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its
eventual disposition. Measurement of an impairment loss for long-lived assets that management expects
to hold and use is based on the difference between the fair value of the asset and its carrying
value. Long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value
less costs to sell. (m) Fair Value Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from
selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and
liabilities required or permitted to be either recorded or disclosed at fair value, we consider the
principal or most advantageous market in which we would transact, and we also consider assumptions
that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. The accounting guidance for
fair value measurement requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the
use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. The standard establishes a fair value hierarchy
based on the level of independent, objective evidence surrounding the inputs used to measure fair
value. A financial instrument’s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the
lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. The fair value hierarchy is
as follows: Level 1 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active
markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 applies to assets or liabilities for which there
are inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the asset or liability such as quoted
prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical assets or
liabilities in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets); or
model-derived valuations in which significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally
from, or corroborated by, observable market data. We use inputs such as actual trade data, benchmark
yields, broker/dealer quotes, and other similar data, which are obtained from quoted market prices,
independent pricing vendors, or other sources, to determine the ultimate fair value of assets or
liabilities. Level 3 applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the
valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or
liabilities. The fair values are determined based on model-based techniques such as discounted cash
flow models using inputs that we could not corroborate with market data. (n) Derivative Instruments
We recognize derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities and measure those instruments at
fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of a derivative depends on the intended use
of the derivative and the resulting designation. For a derivative instrument designated as a fair
value hedge, the gain or loss is recognized in earnings in the period of change together with the
offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item attributed to the risk being hedged. For a derivative
instrument designated as a cash flow hedge, the effective portion of the derivative’s gain or loss is
initially reported as a component of AOCI and subsequently reclassified into earnings when the hedged
exposure affects earnings. The ineffective portion of the gain or loss is reported in earnings
immediately. For a derivative instrument designated as a net investment hedge of our foreign
operations, the gain or loss is recorded in the cumulative translation adjustment within AOCI
together with the offsetting loss or gain of the hedged exposure of the underlying foreign
operations. Any ineffective portion of the net investment hedges is reported in earnings during the
period of change. For derivative instruments that are not designated as accounting hedges, changes in
fair value are recognized in earnings in the period of change. We record derivative instruments in
the statements of cash flows to operating, investing, or financing activities consistent with the
cash flows of the hedged item. Hedge effectiveness for foreign exchange forward contracts used as
cash flow hedges is assessed by comparing the change in the fair value of the hedge contract with the
change in the fair value of the forecasted cash flows of the hedged item. Hedge effectiveness for
equity forward contracts and foreign exchange net investment hedge forward contracts is assessed by
comparing changes in fair value due to changes in spot rates for both the derivative and the hedged
item. For foreign exchange option contracts, hedge effectiveness is assessed based on the hedging
instrument’s entire change in fair value. Hedge effectiveness for interest rate swaps is assessed by
comparing the change in fair value of the swap with the change in the fair value of the hedged item
due to changes in the benchmark interest rate. 67 Table of Contents (o) Foreign Currency Translation
Assets and liabilities of non-U.S. subsidiaries that operate in a local currency environment, where
that local currency is the functional currency, are translated to U.S. dollars at exchange rates in
effect at the balance sheet date, with the resulting translation adjustments directly recorded to a
separate component of AOCI. Income and expense accounts are translated at average exchange rates
during the year. Remeasurement adjustments are recorded in other income (loss), net. The effect of
foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents was not material for any of the fiscal
years presented. (p) Concentrations of Risk Cash and cash equivalents are maintained with several
financial institutions. Deposits held with banks may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such
deposits. Generally, these deposits may be redeemed upon demand and are maintained with financial
institutions with reputable credit and therefore bear minimal credit risk. We seek to mitigate our
credit risks by spreading such risks across multiple counterparties and monitoring the risk profiles
of these counterparties. We perform ongoing credit evaluations of our customers and, with the
exception of certain financing transactions, do not require collateral from our customers. We receive
certain of our components from sole suppliers. Additionally, we rely on a limited number of contract
manufacturers and suppliers to provide manufacturing services for our products. The inability of a
contract manufacturer or supplier to fulfill our supply requirements could materially impact future
operating results. (q) Revenue Recognition We enter into contracts with customers that can include
various combinations of products and services which are generally distinct and accounted for as
separate performance obligations. As a result, our contracts may contain multiple performance
obligations. We determine whether arrangements are distinct based on whether the customer can benefit
from the product or service on its own or together with other resources that are readily available
and whether our commitment to transfer the product or service to the customer is separately
identifiable from other obligations in the contract. We classify our hardware, perpetual software
licenses, and SaaS as distinct performance obligations. Term software licenses represent multiple
obligations, which include software licenses and software maintenance. In transactions where we
deliver hardware or software, we are typically the principal and we record revenue and costs of goods
sold on a gross basis. We refer to our term software licenses, security software licenses, SaaS, and
associated service arrangements as subscription offers. We recognize revenue upon transfer of control
of promised goods or services in a contract with a customer in an amount that reflects the
consideration we expect to receive in exchange for those products or services. Transfer of control
occurs once the customer has the contractual right to use the product, generally upon shipment or
once title and risk of loss has transferred to the customer. Transfer of control can also occur over
time for software maintenance and services as the customer receives the benefit over the contract
term. Our hardware and perpetual software licenses are distinct performance obligations where revenue
is recognized upfront upon transfer of control. Term software licenses include multiple performance
obligations where the term licenses are recognized upfront upon transfer of control, with the
associated software maintenance revenue recognized ratably over the contract term as services and
software updates are provided. SaaS arrangements do not include the right for the customer to take
possession of the software during the term, and therefore have one distinct performance obligation
which is satisfied over time with revenue recognized ratably over the contract term as the customer
consumes the services. On our product sales, we record consideration from shipping and handling on a
gross basis within net product sales. We record our revenue net of any associated sales taxes. An
allowance for future sales returns is established based on historical trends in product return rates.
The allowance for future sales returns as of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 was $ 79million and $
84million , respectively, and was recorded as a reduction of our accounts receivable and revenue.
Significant Judgments Revenue is allocated among these performance obligations in a manner that
reflects the consideration that we expect to be entitled to for the promised goods or services based
on standalone selling prices (SSP). SSP is estimated for each distinct performance obligation and
judgment may be required in their determination. The best evidence of SSP is the observable price of
a product or service when we sell the goods separately in similar circumstances and to similar
customers. In instances where SSP is not directly observable, we determine SSP using information that
may include market conditions and other observable inputs. We apply judgment in determining the
transaction price as we may be required to estimate variable consideration when determining the
amount of revenue to recognize. Variable consideration includes potential contractual penalties and
various rebate, cooperative marketing and other incentive programs that we offer to our distributors,
channel partners and customers. When determining the amount of revenue to recognize, we estimate the
expected usage of these programs, applying the expected value or most likely estimate and update the
estimate at each reporting period as actual utilization becomes available. We also consider the
customers' right of return in determining the transaction price, where applicable. We assess certain
software licenses, such as for security software, that contain critical updates or upgrades which
customers can download throughout the contract term. Without these updates or upgrades, the
functionality of the software would diminish over a relatively short time period. These updates or
upgrades provide the customer the full functionality of the purchased security software licenses and
are required to maintain the security license's utility as the risks and threats in the environment
are rapidly 68 Table of Contents changing. In these circumstances, the revenue from these software
arrangements is recognized as a single performance obligation satisfied over the contract term. We
adopted ASC 606 at the beginning of fiscal 2019 using the modified retrospective method to those
contracts that were not completed as of July 28, 2018.For the additional information, see Note 3. (r)
Advertising Costs We expense all advertising costs as incurred.Advertising costs included within
sales and marketing expenses were approximately $ 187million , $ 204million , and $ 166million for
fiscal 2020 , 2019 , and 2018 , respectively. (s) Share-Based Compensation Expense We measure and
recognize the compensation expense for all share-based awards made to employees and directors,
including employee stock options, restricted stock units (RSUs), performance-based restricted stock
units (PRSUs), and employee stock purchases related to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (Employee
Stock Purchase Rights) based on estimated fair values. The fair value of employee stock options is
estimated on the date of grant using a lattice-binomial option-pricing model (Lattice-Binomial Model)
or the Black-Scholes model, and for employee stock purchase rights we estimate the fair value using
the Black-Scholes model. The fair value for time-based stock awards and stock awards that are
contingent upon the achievement of financial performance metrics is based on the grant date share
price reduced by the present value of the expected dividend yield prior to vesting. The fair value of
market-based stock awards is estimated using an option-pricing model on the date of grant. Share-
based compensation expense is reduced for forfeitures. (t) Software Development Costs Software
development costs, including costs to develop software sold, leased, or otherwise marketed, that are
incurred subsequent to the establishment of technological feasibility are capitalized if significant.
Costs incurred during the application development stage for internal-use software are capitalized if
significant. Capitalized software development costs are amortized using the straight-line
amortization method over the estimated useful life of the applicable software. Such software
development costs required to be capitalized have not been material to date. (u) Income Taxes Income
tax expense is based on pretax financial accounting income. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
recognized for the expected tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets
and liabilities and their reported amounts. Valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax
assets to the amount that will more likely than not be realized. We account for uncertainty in income
taxes using a two-step approach to recognizing and measuring uncertain tax positions. The first step
is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence
indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including
resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. The second step is to measure the tax
benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon settlement. We
classify the liability for unrecognized tax benefits as current to the extent that we anticipate
payment (or receipt) of cash within one year. Interest and penalties related to uncertain tax
positions are recognized in the provision for income taxes. (v) Computation of Net Income per Share
Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding
during the period. Diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of
common shares and dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted shares
outstanding includes the dilutive effect of in-the-money options, unvested restricted stock, and
restricted stock units. The dilutive effect of such equity awards is calculated based on the average
share price for each fiscal period using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury stock method,
the amount the employee must pay for exercising stock options and the amount of compensation cost for
future service that we have not yet recognized are collectively assumed to be used to repurchase
shares. (w) Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities Our approach in assessing the consolidation
requirement for variable interest entities focuses on identifying which enterprise has the power to
direct the activities that most significantly impact the variable interest entity’s economic
performance and which enterprise has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits
from the variable interest entity. Should we conclude that we are the primary beneficiary of a
variable interest entity, the assets, liabilities, and results of operations of the variable interest
entity will be included in our Consolidated Financial Statements. 69 Table of Contents
(x) Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make
estimates and judgments that affect the amounts reported in the Consolidated Financial Statements and
accompanying notes. Estimates are used for the following, among others:
 ▪ Revenue recognition 
 ▪ Allowances for accounts receivable, sales returns, and financing receivables 
 ▪ Inventory valuation and liability for purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and 
 suppliers 
 ▪ Loss contingencies and product warranties 
 ▪ Fair value measurements and other-than-temporary impairments 
 ▪ Goodwill and purchased intangible asset impairments 
 ▪ Income taxes 
The inputs into certain of our judgments, assumptions, and estimates considered the economic
implications of the COVID-19 pandemic on our critical and significant accounting estimates. The
actual results experienced by us may differ materially from our estimates. As the COVID-19 pandemic
continues to develop, many of our estimates could require increased judgment and carry a higher
degree of variability and volatility. As events continue to evolve our estimates may change
materially in future periods.
(y) New Accounting Updates Recently Adopted
Leases In February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards
Codification (ASC) 842, Leases , a new standard requiring lessees to recognize operating and finance
lease liabilities on the balance sheet, as well as corresponding right-of-use (ROU) assets. This
standard also made some changes to lessor accounting and aligns key aspects of the lessor accounting
model with the revenue recognition standard. We adopted this standard at the beginning of fiscal 2020
and applied it at the beginning of the period of adoption and did not restate prior periods. In
connection with the adoption of ASC 842, we recognized $ 1.2billion of operating lease ROU assets,
which was included in other assets and $ 1.2billion of operating lease liabilities which was included
in other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities. There were no transition adjustments
recorded from the adoption of ASC 842 as a lessor.
We elected to apply the package of practical expedients permitted under the transition guidance
within ASC 842 which does not require reassessment of initial direct costs, classification of a lease
and definition of a lease. We also elected additional practical expedients which resulted in: i)
allowing us not to reassess the accounting treatment for existing or expired land easements in
transition; ii) combining lease and non-lease components and iii) not recording leases with an
initial term of less than 12 months on our Consolidated Balance Sheet.
(z) Recent Accounting Standards or Updates Not Yet Effective as of Fiscal Year End
Credit Losses of Financial Instruments In June 2016, the FASB issued an accounting standard update
that requires measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held based
on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect
the collectibility of the reported amount. The new standard replaces the incurred loss impairment
model. Under this standard, we will be required to use a forward-looking expected credit loss model
for accounts receivable, financing receivables, contract assets, and other financial instruments.
Credit losses relating to available-for-sale debt securities will also be recorded through an
allowance for credit losses rather than as a reduction in the amortized cost basis of the securities.
We will adopt this standard at the beginning of our first quarter of fiscal 2021 on a modified
retrospective basis with the cumulative effect of adoption recorded as an adjustment to retained
earnings. This standard will not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements at
adoption.
70 Table of Contents
 3. Revenue 
 (a) Disaggregation of Revenue 
We disaggregate our revenue into groups of similar products and services that depict the nature,
amount, and timing of revenue and cash flows for our various offerings. The sales cycle, contractual
obligations, customer requirements, and go-to-market strategies differ for each of our product
categories, resulting in different economic risk profiles for each category.
The following table presents this disaggregation of revenue (in millions):
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Revenue: 
 Infrastructure Platforms $ 27,122 $ 30,099 $ 28,286 
 Applications 5,568 5,803 5,036 
 Security 3,154 2,821 2,388 
 Other Products 135 281 999 
 Total Product 35,978 39,005 36,709 
 Services 13,323 12,899 12,621 
 Total(1) $ 49,301 $ 51,904 $ 49,330 
Amounts may not sum due to rounding. We have made certain reclassifications to the product revenue
amounts for prior years to conform to the current year’s presentation.
(1) During the second quarter of fiscal 2019, we completed the divestiture of the Service Provider
Video Software Solutions (SPVSS) business. Total revenue includes SPVSS business revenue of $
168million and $ 903million for fiscal 2019 and 2018 , respectively.
Infrastructure Platforms consist of our core networking technologies of switching, routing, wireless,
and data center products that are designed to work together to deliver networking capabilities and
transport and/or store data. These technologies consist of both hardware and software offerings,
including software licenses and software-as-a-service (SaaS), that help our customers build networks,
automate, orchestrate, integrate, and digitize data. We are shifting and expanding more of our
business to software and subscriptions across our core networking portfolio. Our hardware and
perpetual software in this category are distinct performance obligations where revenue is recognized
upfront upon transfer of control. Term software licenses are multiple performance obligations where
the term license is recognized upfront upon transfer of control with the associated software
maintenance revenue recognized ratably over the contract term. SaaS arrangements in this category
have one distinct performance obligation which is satisfied over time with revenue recognized ratably
over the contract term.
Applications consists of offerings that utilize the core networking and data center platforms to
provide their functions. The products consist primarily of software offerings, including software
licenses and SaaS, as well as hardware. Our perpetual software and hardware in this category are
distinct performance obligations where revenue is recognized upfront upon transfer of control. Term
software licenses are multiple performance obligations where the term license is recognized upfront
upon transfer of control with the associated software maintenance revenue recognized ratably over the
contract term. SaaS arrangements in this category have one distinct performance obligation which is
satisfied over time with revenue recognized ratably over the contract term.
Security primarily includes our network security, cloud and email security, identity and access
management, advanced threat protection, and unified threat management products. These products
consist of both hardware and software offerings, including software licenses and SaaS. Updates and
upgrades for the term software licenses are critical for our software to perform its intended
commercial purpose because of the continuous need for our software to secure our customers' network
environments against frequent threats. Therefore, security software licenses are generally
represented by a single distinct performance obligation with revenue recognized ratably over the
contract term. Our hardware and perpetual software in this category are distinct performance
obligations where revenue is recognized upfront upon transfer of control. SaaS arrangements in this
category have one distinct performance obligation which is satisfied over time with revenue
recognized ratably over the contract term.
Other Products primarily include our Service Provider Video Software Solutions and cloud and system
management products. On October 28, 2018 , we completed the sale of the SPVSS business. These
products include both hardware and software licenses. Our offerings in this category are distinct
performance obligations where revenue is recognized upfront upon transfer of control.
In addition to our product offerings, we provide a broad range of service and support options for our
customers, including technical support services and advanced services. Technical support services
represent the majority of these offerings which are distinct performance obligations that are
satisfied over time with revenue recognized ratably over the contract term. Advanced services are
distinct performance obligations that are satisfied over time with revenue recognized as services are
delivered.
71 Table of Contents
The sales arrangements as discussed above are typically made pursuant to customer purchase orders
based on master purchase or partner agreements. Cash is received based on our standard payment terms
which is typically 30days . We provide financing arrangements to customers for all of our hardware,
software and service offerings. Refer to Note 9 for additional information. For these arrangements,
cash is typically received over time.
 (b) Contract Balances 
Accounts receivable, net was $ 5.5billion as of each of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 , as reported
on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Contract assets consist of unbilled receivables and are recorded when revenue is recognized in
advance of scheduled billings to our customers. These amounts are primarily related to software and
service arrangements where transfer of control has occurred but we have not yet invoiced. As of July
25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 , our contract assets for these unbilled receivables were $ 1.2billion and
$ 860million , respectively, and were included in other current assets and other assets.
Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue. Deferred revenue was $ 20.4billion as of July 25,
2020 compared to $ 18.5billion as of July 27, 2019 . We recognized approximately $ 10.6billion of
revenue during fiscal 2020 that was included in the deferred revenue balance at July 27, 2019 .
 (c) Capitalized Contract Acquisition Costs 
We capitalize direct and incremental costs incurred to acquire contracts, primarily sales
commissions, for which the associated revenue is expected to be recognized in future periods. We
incur these costs in connection with both initial contracts and renewals. These costs are initially
deferred and typically amortized over the term of the customer contract which corresponds to the
period of benefit. Deferred sales commissions were $ 732million and $ 750million as of July 25, 2020
and July 27, 2019 , respectively, and were included in other current assets and other assets. The
amortization expense associated with these costs was $ 477million and $ 471million for fiscal 2020
and 2019 , respectively, and was included in sales and marketing expenses.
 4. Acquisitions and Divestitures 
 (a) Acquisition Summary 
We completed six acquisitions during fiscal 2020 . A summary of the allocation of the total purchase 
consideration is presented as follows (in millions): 
 Net Tangible 
 Assets Acquired Purchased 
 Purchase (Liabilities Intangible 
 Fiscal 2020 Consideration Assumed) Assets Goodwill 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Total 
 acquisitions $ 359 $ (11 ) $ 172 $ 198 
 (six in total) 
The total purchase consideration related to our acquisitions completed during fiscal 2020 consisted
of cash consideration and vested share-based awards assumed. The total cash and cash equivalents
acquired from these acquisitions was approximately $ 23million .
Fiscal 2019 Acquisitions
Allocation of the purchase consideration for acquisitions completed in fiscal 2019 is summarized as
follows (in millions):
 Net Tangible 
 Assets Acquired Purchased 
 Purchase (Liabilities Intangible 
 Fiscal 2019 Consideration Assumed) Assets Goodwill 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Duo $ 2,025 $ (57 ) $ 342 $ 1,740 
 Luxtera 596 (19 ) 319 296 
 Others (three 65 2 11 52 
 in total) 
 Total $ 2,686 $ (74 ) $ 672 $ 2,088 
On September 28, 2018, we completed our acquisition of privately held Duo Security, Inc. (“Duo”), a
leading provider of unified access security and multi-factor authentication delivered through the
cloud. Revenue from the Duo acquisition has been included in our Security product category.
On February 6, 2019, we completed our acquisition of Luxtera, Inc. (“Luxtera”), a privately held
semiconductor company. Revenue from the Luxtera acquisition has been included in our Infrastructure
Platforms product category.
72 Table of Contents
The total purchase consideration related to our acquisitions completed during fiscal 2019 consisted
of cash consideration and vested share-based awards assumed. The total cash and cash equivalents
acquired from these acquisitions was approximately $ 100million .
Fiscal 2018 Acquisitions
In fiscal 2018 , we completed eight acquisitions for total purchase consideration of $ 3.2billion .
 (b) Divestiture of Service Provider Video Software Solutions Business 
On October 28, 2018 , we completed the sale of the Service Provider Video Software Solutions
business. This business had tangible assets of approximately $ 160million (primarily comprised of
accounts receivables, inventories and various other current and long-term assets) and net intangible
assets and goodwill (based on relative fair value) of $ 340million . In addition, the business had
total liabilities of approximately $ 200million (primarily comprised of deferred revenue and various
other current and long-term liabilities). We recognized an immaterial gain from this transaction in
fiscal 2019 .
We completed two divestitures during fiscal 2018 . The financial statement impact of these
divestitures was not material for fiscal 2018 .
(c) Pending Acquisitions at Year End
On July 9, 2019, we announced our intent to acquire Acacia Communications, Inc. (“Acacia”), a public
fabless semiconductor company that develops, manufactures and sells high-speed coherent optical
interconnect products that are designed to transform communications networks through improvements in
performance, capacity and cost.
Under the terms of the agreement, we have agreed to pay total consideration of approximately $
2.6billion , net of cash and marketable securities, to acquire Acacia. The acquisition is expected to
close during the first half of fiscal 2021, subject to customary closing conditions and regulatory
approvals. Upon close of the acquisition, revenue from Acacia will be included in our Infrastructure
Platforms product category.
On August 7, 2020, we completed the acquisition of ThousandEyes, Inc. (“ThousandEyes”), a privately-
held company. ThousandEyes’ Internet and Cloud intelligence platform delivers deep visibility and
insights into the digital delivery of applications and services over the internet. We expect that
most of the purchase price for the acquisition of ThousandEyes will be allocated to goodwill and
purchased intangible assets. The financial statement impact of this acquisition will not have a
material impact to our consolidated financial statements.
(d) Other Acquisition and Divestiture Information
Total transaction costs related to our acquisition and divestiture activities during fiscal 2020,
2019, and 2018 were $ 21million , $ 21million , and $ 41million , respectively. These transaction
costs were expensed as incurred in G&A expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
The goodwill generated from our acquisitions completed during fiscal 2020 is primarily related to
expected synergies. The goodwill is generally not deductible for income tax purposes.
The Consolidated Financial Statements include the operating results of each acquisition from the date
of acquisition. Pro forma results of operations for the acquisitions completed during fiscal 2020,
2019, and 2018 have not been presented because the effects of the acquisitions, individually and in
the aggregate, were not material to our financial results.
 5. Goodwill and Purchased Intangible Assets 
 (a) Goodwill 
The following tables present the goodwill allocated to our reportable segments as of July 25, 2020
and July 27, 2019 , as well as the changes to goodwill during fiscal 2020 and 2019 (in millions):
 Foreign Currency 
 Balance at July Translation Balance at July 
 27, 2019 Acquisitions and Other 25, 2020 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Americas $ 21,120 $ 132 $ 52 $ 21,304 
 EMEA 7,977 44 19 8,040 
 APJC 4,432 22 8 4,462 
 Total $ 33,529 $ 198 $ 79 $ 33,806 
73 Table of Contents
 Foreign 
 Currency 
 Balance at Acquisitions & Translation and Balance at 
 July 28, 2018 Divestitures Other July 27, 2019 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Americas $ 19,998 $ 1,240 $ (118 ) $ 21,120 
 EMEA 7,529 486 (38 ) 7,977 
 APJC 4,179 274 (21 ) 4,432 
 Total $ 31,706 $ 2,000 $ (177 ) $ 33,529 
 (b) Purchased Intangible Assets 
The following tables present details of our intangible assets acquired through acquisitions completed
during fiscal 2020 and 2019 (in millions, except years):
 Wei… Weig… Wei… 
 Ave… Aver… Ave… 
 Use… Usef… Use… INDE… 
 Life FINI… Life Life LIVES 
 Fi… (in LIVES (in CUS… (in IPR&D TOT… 
 20… Yea… TECH… Amo… Year… REL… Amou… Yea… OTHER Amo… Amou… Amo… 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 To… 
 ac… 
 (s… 4.8 $ 161 4.2 $ 10 1.5 $ 1 $ — $ 172 
 in 
 to… 
 CUS… 
 REL… OTH… 
 Wei… Wei… Wei… 
 Ave… Ave… Ave… 
 Use… Use… Use… IND… 
 Life FIN… Life Life LIV… 
 Fi… (in LIV… (in  (in  IPR… TOTAL 
 20… Yea… TEC… Amo… Yea… Amou… Yea… Amou… Amo… Amou… 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Duo 5.0 $ 153 5.0 $ 94 2.5 $ 18 $ 77 $ 342 
 Lu… 4.0 2 5.0 58 1.6 3 256 319 
 Ot… 
 (t… 4.4 11 — — — — — 11 
 in 
 to… 
 To… $ 166 $ 152 $ 21 $ 333 $ 672 
The following tables present details of our purchased intangible assets (in millions):
 Accumulated 
 July 25, 2020 Gross Amortization Net 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Purchased intangible assets with finite 
 lives: 
 Technology $ 3,298 $ (2,336 ) $ 962 
 Customer relationships 760 (365 ) 395 
 Other 26 (20 ) 6 
 Total purchased intangible assets with 4,084 (2,721 ) 1,363 
 finite lives 
 In-process research and development, 213 — 213 
 with indefinite lives 
 Total $ 4,297 $ (2,721 ) $ 1,576 
 Accumulated 
 July 27, 2019 Gross Amortization Net 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Purchased intangible assets with finite 
 lives: 
 Technology $ 3,270 $ (1,933 ) $ 1,337 
 Customer relationships 840 (331 ) 509 
 Other 41 (22 ) 19 
 Total purchased intangible assets with 4,151 (2,286 ) 1,865 
 finite lives 
 In-process research and development, 336 — 336 
 with indefinite lives 
 Total $ 4,487 $ (2,286 ) $ 2,201 
Purchased intangible assets include intangible assets acquired through acquisitions as well as
through direct purchases or licenses.
74 Table of Contents
The following table presents the amortization of purchased intangible assets, including impairment
charges (in millions):
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Amortization of purchased intangible 
 assets: 
 Cost of sales $ 659 $ 624 $ 640 
 Operating expenses 141 150 221 
 Total $ 800 $ 774 $ 861 
The estimated future amortization expense of purchased intangible assets with finite lives as of July
25, 2020 is as follows (in millions):
 Fiscal Year Amount 
 ──────────────────────── 
 2021 $ 633 
 2022 $ 371 
 2023 $ 229 
 2024 $ 118 
 2025 $ 12 
 6. Restructuring and Other Charges 
In the first quarter of fiscal 2021, we initiated a restructuring plan (the “Fiscal 2021 Plan”),
which includes a voluntary early retirement program, in order to realign the organization and enable
further investment in key priority areas with estimated pretax charges of approximately $ 900million
. These aggregate pretax charges will be primarily cash-based and will consist of severance and other
one-time termination benefits, and other costs. We expect the plan to be substantially completed in
fiscal 2021.
We initiated a restructuring plan during fiscal 2020 (the “Fiscal 2020 Plan”) in order to realign the
organization and enable further investment in key priority areas. The total pretax charges are
estimated to be approximately $ 300million . These aggregate pretax charges related to the Fiscal
2020 Plan are primarily cash-based and consist of employee severance and other one-time termination
benefits, and other costs. In connection with the Fiscal 2020 Plan, we incurred charges of $
255million during fiscal 2020 . We expect the Fiscal 2020 Plan to be substantially completed in
fiscal 2021.
In prior years, we initiated restructuring plans in order to realign our organization and enable
further investment in key priority areas. The aggregate pretax charges related to these plans were
primarily cash-based and consisted of employee severance and other one-time termination benefits, and
other associated costs. These plans have been completed.
The following table summarizes the activities related to the restructuring and other charges, as
discussed above (in millions):
 FISCAL 2018 
 AND FISCAL 2020 
 PRIOR PLANS PLAN 
 Employee Employee 
 Severance Other Severance Other Total 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Liability 
 as of July $ 74 $ 43 $ — $ — $ 117 
 29, 2017 
 Charges 319 39 — — 358 
 Cash (335 ) (37 ) — — (372 ) 
 payments 
 Non-cash 2 (32 ) — — (30 ) 
 items 
 Liability 
 as of July 60 13 — — 73 
 28, 2018 
 Charges 252 70 — — 322 
 Cash (289 ) (10 ) — — (299 ) 
 payments 
 Non-cash (1 ) (62 ) — — (63 ) 
 items 
 Liability 
 as of July 22 11 — — 33 
 27, 2019 
 Charges 209 17 144 111 481 
 Cash (224 ) (3 ) (93 ) (7 ) (327 ) 
 payments 
 Non-cash — (23 ) — (92 ) (115 ) 
 items 
 Liability 
 as of July $ 7 $ 2 $ 51 $ 12 $ 72 
 25, 2020 
75 Table of Contents
 7. Balance Sheet Details 
The following tables provide details of selected balance sheet items (in millions):
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Cash and cash equivalents $ 11,809 $ 11,750 
 Restricted cash included in other — 21 
 current assets 
 Restricted cash included in other assets 3 1 
 Total cash, cash equivalents, and $ 11,812 $ 11,772 
 restricted cash 
 Inventories: 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Raw materials $ 456 $ 374 
 Work in process 25 10 
 Finished goods: 
 Deferred cost of sales 59 109 
 Manufactured finished goods 542 643 
 Total finished goods 601 752 
 Service-related spares 184 225 
 Demonstration systems 16 22 
 Total $ 1,282 $ 1,383 
Our provision for inventory was $ 74million , $ 77million , and $ 63million in fiscal 2020, 2019, and
2018 , respectively. 
 Property and equipment, net: 
 Gross property and equipment: 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Land, buildings, and building and $ 4,252 $ 4,545 
 leasehold improvements 
 Computer equipment and related software 875 922 
 Production, engineering, and other 5,163 5,711 
 equipment 
 Operating lease assets 337 485 
 Furniture, fixtures and other 387 376 
 Total gross property and equipment 11,014 12,039 
 Less: accumulated depreciation and (8,561 ) (9,250 ) 
 amortization 
 Total $ 2,453 $ 2,789 
 Deferred revenue: 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Service $ 12,551 $ 11,709 
 Product 7,895 6,758 
 Total $ 20,446 $ 18,467 
 Reported as: 
 Current $ 11,406 $ 10,668 
 Noncurrent 9,040 7,799 
 Total $ 20,446 $ 18,467 
 Remaining Performance Obligations: 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Product $ 11,261 $ 9,603 
 Service 17,093 15,702 
 Total $ 28,354 $ 25,305 
Remaining Performance Obligations (RPO) are comprised of deferred revenue plus unbilled contract
revenue. As of July 25, 2020 , the aggregate amount of RPO was comprised of $ 20.4billion of deferred
revenue and $ 7.9billion of unbilled contract revenue. We expect approximately 54% of this amount to
be recognized as revenue over the next year. As of July 27, 2019 , the aggregate amount of RPO was
comprised of $ 18.5billion of deferred revenue and $ 6.8billion of unbilled contract revenue.
Unbilled contract revenue represents noncancelable contracts for which we have not invoiced, have an
obligation to perform, and revenue has not yet been recognized in the financial statements.
76 Table of Contents
 8. Leases 
 (a) Lessee Arrangements 
As of July 25, 2020 , our operating lease right-of-use assets were $ 921million and were recorded in
other assets, and our operating lease liabilities were $ 1.0billion , of which $ 341million was
included in other current liabilities and $ 661million was included in other long-term liabilities.
The weighted-average lease term was 4.0years and the weighted-average discount rate was 1.5% as of
July 25, 2020 .
The components of our lease expenses were as follows (in millions):
 Year Ended July 25, 2020 
 ──────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Operating lease expense $ 428 
 Short-term lease expense 69 
 Variable lease expense 157 
 Total lease expense $ 654 
Supplemental information related to our operating leases is as follows (in millions):
 Year Ended July 25, 2020 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement $ 413 
 of lease liabilities — operating cash flows 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for $ 197 
 operating leases liabilities 
The maturities of our operating leases (undiscounted) as of July 25, 2020 are as follows (in
millions):
 Fiscal Year Amount 
 ──────────────────────────────────── 
 2021 $ 354 
 2022 247 
 2023 192 
 2024 120 
 2025 68 
 Thereafter 52 
 Total lease payments 1,033 
 Less interest (31 ) 
 Total $ 1,002 
Prior to the adoption of the new leasing standard, future minimum lease payments under all 
noncancelable operating leases with an initial term in excess of one year as of July 27, 2019 were as
follows (in millions): 
 Fiscal Year Amount 
 ──────────────────────── 
 2020 $ 441 
 2021 299 
 2022 195 
 2023 120 
 2024 70 
 Thereafter 54 
 Total $ 1,179 
 (b) Lessor Arrangements 
Our leases primarily represent sales-type leases with terms of four years on average. We provide
leasing of our equipment and complementary third-party products primarily through our channel
partners and distributors, for which the income arising from these leases is recognized through
interest income. Interest income for fiscal 2020 was $ 94million and was included in interest income
in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. The net investment of our lease receivables is measured
at the commencement date as the gross lease receivable, residual value less unearned income and
allowance for credit loss. For additional information, see Note 9.
77 Table of Contents
Future minimum lease payments on our lease receivables as of July 25, 2020 are summarized as follows
(in millions):
 Fiscal Year Amount 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 2021 $ 946 
 2022 590 
 2023 353 
 2024 166 
 2025 72 
 Total 2,127 
 Less: Present value of lease payments 2,013 
 Difference between undiscounted cash flows and $ 114 
 discounted cash flows 
Actual cash collections may differ from the contractual maturities due to early customer buyouts,
refinancings, or defaults.
Prior to the adoption of the new leasing standard, future minimum lease payments on our lease
receivables as of July 27, 2019 were summarized as follows (in millions):
 Fiscal Year Amount 
 ──────────────────────── 
 2020 $ 1,028 
 2021 702 
 2022 399 
 2023 185 
 2024 53 
 Total $ 2,367 
We provide financing of certain equipment through operating leases, and the amounts are included in
property and equipment in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Amounts relating to equipment on operating
lease assets held by Cisco and the associated accumulated depreciation are summarized as follows (in
millions):
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Operating lease assets $ 337 $ 485 
 Accumulated depreciation (198 ) (306 ) 
 Operating lease assets, net $ 139 $ 179 
Our lease income for fiscal 2020 was $ 190million and was included in product revenue in the
Consolidated Statement of Operations.
Minimum future rentals on noncancelable operating leases as of July 25, 2020 are summarized as
follows (in millions):
 Fiscal Year Amount 
 ──────────────────────── 
 2021 $ 74 
 2022 27 
 2023 7 
 Total $ 108 
 9. Financing Receivables 
 (a) Financing Receivables 
Financing receivables primarily consist of lease receivables, loan receivables, and financed service
contracts. Lease receivables represent sales-type leases resulting from the sale of Cisco's and
complementary third-party products and are typically collateralized by a security interest in the
underlying assets. Lease receivables consist of arrangements with terms of four years on average.
Loan receivables represent financing arrangements related to the sale of our hardware, software, and
services, which may include additional funding for other costs associated with network installation
and integration of our products and services. Loan receivables have terms of three years on average.
Financed service contracts include financing receivables related to technical support and advanced
services. Revenue related to the technical support services is typically deferred and included in
deferred service revenue and is recognized ratably over the period during which the related services
are to be performed, which typically ranges from one to three years .
78 Table of Contents
A summary of our financing receivables is presented as follows (in millions):
 Lease Loan Financed Service 
 July 25, 2020 Receivables Receivables Contracts Total 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Gross $ 2,127 $ 5,937 $ 2,830 $ 10,894 
 Residual value 123 — — 123 
 Unearned income (114 ) — — (114 ) 
 Allowance for (48 ) (81 ) (9 ) (138 ) 
 credit loss 
 Total, net $ 2,088 $ 5,856 $ 2,821 $ 10,765 
 Reported as: 
 Current $ 918 $ 2,692 $ 1,441 $ 5,051 
 Noncurrent 1,170 3,164 1,380 5,714 
 Total, net $ 2,088 $ 5,856 $ 2,821 $ 10,765 
 Lease Loan Financed Service 
 July 27, 2019 Receivables Receivables Contracts Total 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Gross $ 2,367 $ 5,438 $ 2,369 $ 10,174 
 Residual value 142 — — 142 
 Unearned income (137 ) — — (137 ) 
 Allowance for (46 ) (71 ) (9 ) (126 ) 
 credit loss 
 Total, net $ 2,326 $ 5,367 $ 2,360 $ 10,053 
 Reported as: 
 Current $ 1,029 $ 2,653 $ 1,413 $ 5,095 
 Noncurrent 1,297 2,714 947 4,958 
 Total, net $ 2,326 $ 5,367 $ 2,360 $ 10,053 
 (b) Credit Quality of Financing Receivables 
Gross receivables, excluding residual value, less unearned income categorized by our internal credit 
risk rating as of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 are summarized as follows (in millions): 
 INTERNAL CREDIT RISK 
 RATING 
 July 25, 2020 1 to 4 5 to 6 7 and Higher Total 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Lease receivables $ 992 $ 952 $ 69 $ 2,013 
 Loan receivables 3,808 1,961 168 5,937 
 Financed service 1,645 1,153 32 2,830 
 contracts 
 Total $ 6,445 $ 4,066 $ 269 $ 10,780 
 INTERNAL CREDIT RISK 
 RATING 
 July 27, 2019 1 to 4 5 to 6 7 and Higher Total 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Lease receivables $ 1,204 $ 991 $ 35 $ 2,230 
 Loan receivables 3,367 1,920 151 5,438 
 Financed service 1,413 939 17 2,369 
 contracts 
 Total $ 5,984 $ 3,850 $ 203 $ 10,037 
We determine the adequacy of our allowance for credit loss by assessing the risks and losses inherent
in our financing receivables by portfolio segment. The portfolio segment is based on the types of
financing offered by us to our customers, which consist of the following: lease receivables, loan
receivables, and financed service contracts.
Our internal credit risk ratings of 1 through 4 correspond to investment-grade ratings, while credit
risk ratings of 5 and 6 correspond to non-investment grade ratings. Credit risk ratings of 7 and
higher correspond to substandard ratings.
79 Table of Contents
The following tables present the aging analysis of gross receivables, excluding residual value and
less unearned income as of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 (in millions):
 DAYS 
 PAST 
 DUE 
 (INC… 
 BILL… 
 AND 
 July UNBI… Total Nonac… Impa… 
 25, 31 - 61 - Past Finan… Fina… 
 2020 60 90 91+ Due Curr… Total Recei… Rece… 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Lea… $ 29 $ 47 $ 48 $ 124 $ 1,889 $ 2,013 $ 43 $ 43 
 rec… 
 Loan 129 78 78 285 5,652 5,937 65 65 
 rec… 
 Fin… 
 ser… 69 75 124 268 2,562 2,830 4 4 
 con… 
 Tot… $ 227 $ 200 $ 250 $ 677 $ 10,1… $ 10,7… $ 112 $ 112 
 DAYS 
 PAST 
 DUE 
 (INC… 
 BILL… 
 AND 
 July UNBI… Total Nonac… Impa… 
 27, 31 - 61 - Past Finan… Fina… 
 2019 60 90 91+ Due Curr… Total Recei… Rece… 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Lea… $ 101 $ 42 $ 291 $ 434 $ 1,796 $ 2,230 $ 13 $ 13 
 rec… 
 Loan 257 67 338 662 4,776 5,438 31 31 
 rec… 
 Fin… 
 ser… 145 131 271 547 1,822 2,369 3 3 
 con… 
 Tot… $ 503 $ 240 $ 900 $ 1,643 $ 8,394 $ 10,0… $ 47 $ 47 
Past due financing receivables are those that are 31days or more past due according to their
contractual payment terms. The data in the preceding tables is presented by contract, and the aging
classification of each contract is based on the oldest outstanding receivable, and therefore past due
amounts also include unbilled and current receivables within the same contract.
As of July 25, 2020 , we had financing receivables of $ 67million , net of unbilled or current
receivables, that were greater than 120 days plus past due but remained on accrual status as they are
well secured and in the process of collection. Such balance was $ 215million as of July 27, 2019 .
 (c) Allowance for Credit Loss Rollforward 
The allowances for credit loss and the related financing receivables are summarized as follows (in
millions):
 CREDIT LOSS 
 ALLOWANCES Financed 
 Lease Loan Service 
 Receivables Receivables Contracts Total 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Allowance for 
 credit loss as $ 46 $ 71 $ 9 $ 126 
 of July 27, 
 2019 
 Provisions 5 32 1 38 
 (benefits) 
 Recoveries 
 (write-offs), (3 ) (19 ) — (22 ) 
 net 
 Foreign 
 exchange and — (3 ) (1 ) (4 ) 
 other 
 Allowance for 
 credit loss as $ 48 $ 81 $ 9 $ 138 
 of July 25, 
 2020 
 CREDIT LOSS 
 ALLOWANCES Financed 
 Lease Loan Service 
 Receivables Receivables Contracts Total 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Allowance for 
 credit loss as $ 135 $ 60 $ 10 $ 205 
 of July 28, 
 2018 
 Provisions (54 ) 11 27 (16 ) 
 (benefits) 
 Recoveries 
 (write-offs), (14 ) — (28 ) (42 ) 
 net 
 Foreign 
 exchange and (21 ) — — (21 ) 
 other 
 Allowance for 
 credit loss as $ 46 $ 71 $ 9 $ 126 
 of July 27, 
 2019 
80 Table of Contents
 CREDIT LOSS 
 ALLOWANCES Financed 
 Lease Loan Service 
 Receivables Receivables Contracts Total 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Allowance for 
 credit loss as $ 162 $ 103 $ 30 $ 295 
 of July 29, 
 2017 
 Provisions (26 ) (43 ) (20 ) (89 ) 
 (benefits) 
 Recoveries 
 (write-offs), (1 ) (5 ) — (6 ) 
 net 
 Foreign 
 exchange and — 5 — 5 
 other 
 Allowance for 
 credit loss as $ 135 $ 60 $ 10 $ 205 
 of July 28, 
 2018 
 10. Available-for-Sale Debt and Equity Investments 
The following table summarizes our available-for-sale debt investments and equity investments (in
millions):
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Available-for-sale debt investments $ 17,610 $ 21,660 
 Marketable equity securities — 3 
 Total investments 17,610 21,663 
 Non-marketable equity securities 1,207 1,113 
 included in other assets 
 Equity method investments included in 71 87 
 other assets 
 Total $ 18,888 $ 22,863 
 (a) Summary of Available-for-Sale Debt Investments 
The following tables summarize our available-for-sale debt investments (in millions):
 Gross Gross 
 Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Fair 
 July 25, 2020 Cost Gains Losses Value 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 U.S. government securities $ 2,614 $ 71 $ — $ 2,685 
 U.S. government agency securities 110 — — 110 
 Corporate debt securities 11,549 334 (6 ) 11,877 
 U.S. agency mortgage-backed 1,987 49 (1 ) 2,035 
 securities 
 Commercial paper 727 — — 727 
 Certificates of deposit 176 — — 176 
 Total $ 17,163 $ 454 $ (7 ) $ 17,610 
 Gross Gross 
 Amortized Unrealized Unrealized Fair 
 July 27, 2019 Cost Gains Losses Value 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 U.S. government securities $ 808 $ 1 $ (1 ) $ 808 
 U.S. government agency securities 169 — — 169 
 Corporate debt securities 19,188 103 (29 ) 19,262 
 U.S. agency mortgage-backed 1,425 7 (11 ) 1,421 
 securities 
 Total $ 21,590 $ 111 $ (41 ) $ 21,660 
The following table presents the gross realized gains and gross realized losses related to available-
for-sale debt investments (in millions):
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Gross realized gains $ 70 $ 17 $ 16 
 Gross realized losses (28 ) (30 ) (258 ) 
 Total $ 42 $ (13 ) $ (242 ) 
81 Table of Contents
The following tables present the breakdown of the available-for-sale debt investments with gross
unrealized losses and the duration that those losses had been unrealized at July 25, 2020 and July
27, 2019 (in millions):
 UNREALI… 
 UNREALI… LOSSES 
 LOSSES 12 
 LESS MONTHS 
 THAN 12 OR 
 July  MONTHS Gross GREATER Gross TOTAL Gross 
 25, Fair Unreal… Fair Unreal… Fair Unreal… 
 2020 Value Losses Value Losses Value Losses 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 U.S. 
 gover… $ 33 $ — $ — $ — $ 33 $ — 
 agency 
 secur… 
 Corpo… 
 debt 1,060 (6 ) 3 — 1,063 (6 ) 
 secur… 
 U.S. 
 agency 265 (1 ) — — 265 (1 ) 
 mortg… 
 secur… 
 Total $ 1,358 $ (7 ) $ 3 $ — $ 1,361 $ (7 ) 
 UNREAL… 
 UNREAL… LOSSES 
 LOSSES 12 
 LESS MONTHS 
 THAN 12 OR 
 July  MONTHS Gross GREATER Gross TOTAL Gross 
 27, Fair Unreal… Fair Unreal… Fair Unreal… 
 2019 Value Losses Value Losses Value Losses 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 U.S.  
 gover… $ 204 $ — $ 488 $ (1 ) $ 692 $ (1 ) 
 secur… 
 U.S. 
 gover… — — 169 — 169 — 
 agency 
 secur… 
 Corpo… 
 debt 2,362 (4 ) 5,271 (25 ) 7,633 (29 ) 
 secur… 
 U.S. 
 agency 123 — 847 (11 ) 970 (11 ) 
 mortg… 
 secur… 
 Total $ 2,689 $ (4 ) $ 6,775 $ (37 ) $ 9,464 $ (41 ) 
As of July 25, 2020 , for available-for-sale debt investments that were in an unrealized loss
position, we have determined that no other-than-temporary impairments were required to be recognized.
The following table summarizes the maturities of our available-for-sale debt investments as of July
25, 2020 (in millions):
 Amortized Cost Fair Value 
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Within 1 year $ 5,773 $ 5,812 
 After 1 year through 5 years 7,360 7,532 
 After 5 years through 10 years 2,032 2,218 
 After 10 years 11 13 
 Mortgage-backed securities with no 1,987 2,035 
 single maturity 
 Total $ 17,163 $ 17,610 
Actual maturities may differ from the contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to
call or prepay certain obligations.
 (b) Summary of Equity Investments 
Gains and losses recognized on our marketable and non-marketable equity securities are summarized 
below (in millions): 
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Net gains and losses recognized during $ 63 $ 58 
 the period on equity investments 
 Less: Net gains and losses recognized on (76 ) (69 ) 
 equity investments sold 
 Net unrealized gains and losses 
 recognized during reporting period on $ (13 ) $ (11 ) 
 equity securities still held at the 
 reporting date 
82 Table of Contents
We recorded adjustments to the carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities measured using
the measurement alternative as follows (in millions):
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Adjustments to non-marketable equity 
 securities measured using the 
 measurement alternative: 
 Upward adjustments $ 28 $ 26 
 Downward adjustments, including (41 ) (57 ) 
 impairments 
 Net adjustments $ (13 ) $ (31 ) 
As of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 , we held equity interests in certain private equity funds of $
0.7billion and $ 0.6billion , respectively, which are accounted for under the NAV practical
expedient.
 (c) Variable Interest Entities 
In the ordinary course of business, we have investments in privately held companies and provide
financing to certain customers. These privately held companies and customers are evaluated for
consolidation under the variable interest or voting interest entity models. We evaluate on an ongoing
basis our investments in these privately held companies and our customer financings, and have
determined that as of July 25, 2020 , there were no significant variable interest or voting interest
entities required to be consolidated in our Consolidated Financial Statements.
As of July 25, 2020 , the carrying value of our investments in privately held companies was $
1.3billion . $ 0.7billion of such investments are considered to be in variable interest entities
which are unconsolidated. We have total funding commitments of $ 0.3billion related to these
privately held investments, some of which may be based on the achievement of certain agreed-upon
milestones, and some of which are required to be funded on demand. The carrying value of these
investments and the additional funding commitments collectively represent our maximum exposure
related to these privately held investments. 83 Table of Contents
 11. Fair Value 
 (a) Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis were as follows (in millions):
 JULY JULY 
 25, 27, 
 2020 2019 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 FAIR FAIR 
 VALUE VALUE 
 MEASU… MEASU… 
 Level Level 2 Level Total Level Level 2 Total 
 1 3 Balance 1 Balan… 
 Asse… 
 Cash 
 equi… 
 Money 
 mark… $ 10,024 $ — $ — $ 10,024 $ 10,083 $ — $ 10,083 
 funds 
 Corp… 
 debt — 8 — 8 — — — 
 secu… 
 Avai… 
 debt 
 inve… 
 U.S. 
 gove… — 2,685 — 2,685 — 808 808 
 secu… 
 U.S. 
 gove… — 110 — 110 — 169 169 
 agen… 
 secu… 
 Corp… 
 debt — 11,877 — 11,877 — 19,262 19,262 
 secu… 
 U.S. 
 agen… — 2,035 — 2,035 — 1,421 1,421 
 mort… 
 secu… 
 Comm… — 727 — 727 — — — 
 paper 
 Cert… 
 of — 176 — 176 — — — 
 depo… 
 Equi… 
 inve… 
 Mark… 
 equi… — — — — 3 — 3 
 secu… 
 Deri… — 190 1 191 — 89 89 
 asse… 
 Total $ 10,024 $ 17,808 $ 1 $ 27,833 $ 10,086 $ 21,749 $ 31,835 
 Liab… 
 Deri… $ — $ 10 $ — $ 10 $ — $ 15 $ 15 
 liab… 
 Total $ — $ 10 $ — $ 10 $ — $ 15 $ 15 
Level 1 marketable equity securities are determined by using quoted prices in active markets for
identical assets. Level 2 available-for-sale debt investments are priced using quoted market prices
for similar instruments or nonbinding market prices that are corroborated by observable market data.
Our derivative instruments are primarily classified as Level 2, as they are not actively traded and
are valued using pricing models that use observable market inputs. We did not have any transfers
between Level 1 and Level 2 fair value measurements during the periods presented. Level 3 assets
include certain derivative instruments, the values of which are determined based on discounted cash
flow models using inputs that we could not corroborate with market data.
 (b) Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
The carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities recorded to fair value on a non-recurring
basis is adjusted for observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer
or impairment. These securities are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy because we
estimate the value based on valuation methods using the observable transaction price at the
transaction date and other unobservable inputs such as volatility, rights, and obligations of the
securities we hold.
The fair value for purchased intangible assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis was
categorized as Level 3 due to the use of significant unobservable inputs in the valuation.
Significant unobservable inputs that were used included expected revenues and net income related to
the assets and the expected life of the assets. The difference between the estimated fair value and
the carrying value of the assets was recorded as an impairment charge, which was included in product
cost of sales and operating expenses as applicable.The remaining carrying value of the specific
purchased intangible assets that were impaired were zero as of July 25, 2020 .
The fair value of property held for sale was measured with the assistance of third-party valuation
models, which used discounted cash flow techniques as part of their analysis. The fair value
measurement was categorized as Level 3, as significant unobservable inputs were used in the valuation
report. The impairment charges as a result of the valuations, which represented the difference
between the fair value less cost to sell and the carrying amount of the assets held for sale, were
included in restructuring and other charges. We recognized an impairment charge of $ 65million during
fiscal 2020 and the remaining carrying value of the property held for sale that was impaired was $
9million as of July 25, 2020 .
84 Table of Contents
 (c) Other Fair Value Disclosures 
The fair value of our short-term loan receivables and financed service contracts approximates their
carrying value due to their short duration. The aggregate carrying value of our long-term loan
receivables and financed service contracts as of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 was $ 4.5billion and
$ 3.7billion , respectively. The estimated fair value of our long-term loan receivables and financed
service contracts approximates their carrying value. We use significant unobservable inputs in
determining discounted cash flows to estimate the fair value of our long-term loan receivables and
financed service contracts, and therefore they are categorized as Level 3.
As of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 , the estimated fair value of our short-term debt approximates
its carrying value due to the short maturities. As of July 25, 2020 , the fair value of our senior
notes and other long-term debt was $ 17.4billion , with a carrying amount of $ 14.6billion . This
compares to a fair value of $ 22.1billion and a carrying amount of $ 20.5billion as of July 27, 2019
. The fair value of the senior notes and other long-term debt was determined based on observable
market prices in a less active market and was categorized as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
 12. Borrowings 
 (a) Short-Term Debt 
The following table summarizes our short-term debt (in millions, except percentages):
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Amount Effective Rate Amount Effective 
 Rate 
 Current 
 portion of $ 3,005 2.07 % $ 5,998 3.20 % 
 long-term 
 debt 
 Commercial — — 4,193 2.34 % 
 paper 
 Total 
 short-term $ 3,005 $ 10,191 
 debt 
We have a short-term debt financing program of up to $ 10.0billion through the issuance of commercial
paper notes. We use the proceeds from the issuance of commercial paper notes for general corporate
purposes.
The effective rates for the short- and long-term debt include the interest on the notes, the
accretion of the discount, the issuance costs, and, if applicable, adjustments related to hedging.
85 Table of Contents
 (b) Long-Term Debt 
The following table summarizes our long-term debt (in millions, except percentages): 
 July 25, July 27, 
 2020 2019 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Maturity Amount Effective  Amount Effective  
 Date Rate Rate 
 Senior 
 notes: 
 Floating-… 
 notes: 
 Three-mon… September  
 LIBOR plus 20, 2019 $ — — $ 500 2.77% 
 0.34% 
 Fixed-rate 
 notes: 
 1.40% September  — — 1,500 1.48% 
 20, 2019 
 4.45% January 15, — — 2,500 4.72% 
 2020 
 2.45% June 15, — — 1,500 2.54% 
 2020 
 2.20% February  2,500 2.30% 2,500 2.30% 
 28, 2021 
 2.90% March 4, 500 0.94% 500 3.14% 
 2021 
 1.85% September  2,000 1.90% 2,000 1.90% 
 20, 2021 
 3.00% June 15, 500 1.21% 500 3.36% 
 2022 
 2.60% February  500 2.68% 500 2.68% 
 28, 2023 
 2.20% September  750 2.27% 750 2.27% 
 20, 2023 
 3.625% March 4, 1,000 1.06% 1,000 3.25% 
 2024 
 3.50% June 15, 500 1.37% 500 3.52% 
 2025 
 2.95% February  750 3.01% 750 3.01% 
 28, 2026 
 2.50% September  1,500 2.55% 1,500 2.55% 
 20, 2026 
 5.90% February  2,000 6.11% 2,000 6.11% 
 15, 2039 
 5.50% January 15, 2,000 5.67% 2,000 5.67% 
 2040 
 Total 14,500 20,500 
 Unaccreted 
 discount/… (88 ) (100 ) 
 costs 
 Hedge 
 accounting 171 73 
 fair value 
 adjustmen… 
 Total $ 14,583 $ 20,473 
 Reported 
 as: 
 Short-term $ 3,005 $ 5,998 
 debt 
 Long-term 11,578 14,475 
 debt 
 Total $ 14,583 $ 20,473 
We have entered into interest rate swaps in prior periods with an aggregate notional amount of $
2.5billion designated as fair value hedges of certain of our fixed-rate senior notes. These swaps
convert the fixed interest rates of the fixed-rate notes to floating interest rates based on the
London InterBank Offered Rate (LIBOR). The gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of
the interest rate swaps substantially offset changes in the fair value of the hedged portion of the
underlying debt that are attributable to the changes in market interest rates. For additional
information, see Note 13.
Interest is payable semiannually on each class of the senior fixed-rate notes. Each of the senior
fixed-rate notes is redeemable by us at any time, subject to a make-whole premium. The senior notes
rank at par with the commercial paper notes that have been issued in the future pursuant to our
short-term debt financing program, as discussed above under “(a) Short-Term Debt.” As of July 25,
2020 , we were in compliance with all debt covenants.
86 Table of Contents
As of July 25, 2020 , future principal payments for long-term debt, including the current portion, 
are summarized as follows (in millions): 
 Fiscal Year Amount 
 ──────────────────────── 
 2021 $ 3,000 
 2022 2,500 
 2023 500 
 2024 1,750 
 2025 500 
 Thereafter 6,250 
 Total $ 14,500 
 (c) Credit Facility 
On May 15, 2020, we entered into a 364-day credit agreement with certain institutional lenders that
provides for a $ 2.75billion unsecured revolving credit facility that is scheduled to expire on May
14, 2021 . The credit agreement is structured as an amendment and restatement of our five -year
credit facility which would have terminated on May 15, 2020, the end of its five -year term. As of
July 25, 2020 , we were in compliance with the required interest coverage ratio and the other
covenants, and we had no t borrowed any funds under the credit facility.
Any advances under the credit agreement will accrue interest at rates that are equal to, based on
certain conditions, either (i) the highest of (a) the Federal Funds rate plus 0.50% , (b) Bank of
America’s “prime rate” as announced from time to time, or (c) LIBOR, or a comparable or successor
rate that is approved by the Administrative Agent (“Eurocurrency Rate”), for an interest period of
one-month plus 1.00% , or (ii) the Eurocurrency Rate, plus a margin that is based on our senior debt
credit ratings as published by Standard & Poor’s Financial Services, LLC and Moody’s Investors
Service, Inc., provided that in no event will the Eurocurrency Rate be less than 0.25% . We may also,
upon the agreement of either the then-existing lenders or additional lenders not currently parties to
the agreement, increase the commitments under the credit facility by up to an additional $ 2.0billion
. The credit agreement requires that we comply with certain covenants, including that we maintain an
interest coverage ratio as defined in the agreement.
 13. Derivative Instruments 
 (a) Summary of Derivative Instruments 
We use derivative instruments primarily to manage exposures to foreign currency exchange rate,
interest rate, and equity price risks. Our primary objective in holding derivatives is to reduce the
volatility of earnings and cash flows associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates,
interest rates, and equity prices. Our derivatives expose us to credit risk to the extent that the
counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the agreement. We do, however, seek to mitigate
such risks by limiting our counterparties to major financial institutions. In addition, the potential
risk of loss with any one counterparty resulting from this type of credit risk is monitored.
Management does not expect material losses as a result of defaults by counterparties.
The fair values of our derivative instruments and the line items on the Consolidated Balance Sheets
to which they were recorded are summarized as follows (in millions):
 Balance Balance 
 Sheet  July July Sheet July 
 Line  DERIVA… 25, 27, Line DERIVA… 25, July 27, 
 Item ASSETS 2020 2019 Item LIABIL… 2020 2019 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Deriv… 
 desig… 
 as 
 hedgi… 
 instr… 
 Forei… Other  Other  
 curre… current $ 7 $ 5 current $ 2 $ 8 
 deriv… assets liabil… 
 Inter… Other Other  
 rate current 6 — current — 1 
 deriv… assets liabil… 
 Inter… Other Other  
 rate assets 169 75 long-t… — — 
 deriv… liabil… 
 Total 182 80 2 9 
 Deriv… 
 not 
 desig… 
 as 
 hedgi… 
 instr… 
 Forei… Other Other 
 curre… current 8 9 current 8 6 
 deriv… assets liabil… 
 Equity Other Other 
 deriv… assets 1 — long-t… — — 
 liabil… 
 Total 9 9 8 6 
 Total $ 191 $ 89 $ 10 $ 15 
87 Table of Contents
The following amounts were recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets related to cumulative basis
adjustments for our fair value hedges (in millions):
 CUMULATIVE 
 AMOUNT OF 
 FAIR VALUE 
 HEDGING 
 ADJUSTMENT 
 INCLUDED IN 
 CARRYING THE CARRYING 
 Balance AMOUNT OF AMOUNT OF 
 Sheet Line THE HEDGED THE HEDGED 
 Item of ASSETS/(LIA… July  ASSETS/LIAB… July  
 Hedged Item July 25,2020 27,2019 July 25,2020 27,2019 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Short-term $ (506 ) $ (2,000 ) $ (6 ) $ — 
 debt 
 Long-term $ (2,159 ) $ (2,565 ) $ (165 ) $ (73 ) 
 debt 
See Note 17 for the effects of our cash flow hedging instruments on other comprehensive income (OCI)
and the Consolidated Statements of Operations.
The effect on the Consolidated Statements of Operations of derivative instruments designated as fair
value and cash flow hedges is summarized as follows (in millions):
 Ju… Ju… 
 25, 27, 
 20… 20… 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Int… Int… 
 Cost and Cost and 
 Re… of Op… oth… Re… of Op… oth… 
 sal… ex… inc… sal… ex… inc… 
 (lo… (lo… 
 net net 
 To… 
 am… 
 pr… 
 in 
 the 
 Co… 
 St… 
 of 
 Op… 
 in 
 wh… $ 49… $ 17,… $ 18… $ 350 $ 51… $ 19,… $ 18… $ 352 
 the 
 ef… 
 of 
 fa… 
 va… 
 or 
 ca… 
 fl… 
 he… 
 are 
 re… 
 The 
 ef… 
 of 
 fa… 
 va… 
 and 
 ca… 
 fl… 
 he… 
 Gai… 
 (lo… 
 on 
 fair 
 val… 
 hed… 
 rel… 
 In… 
 ra… 
 de… 
 He… — — — (98 ) — — — (138 ) 
 it… 
 De… 
 de… 
 as — — — 101 — — — 145 
 he… 
 in… 
 Gai… 
 (lo… 
 on 
 cash 
 flow 
 hed… 
 rel… 
 Fo… 
 cu… 
 de… 
 Am… 
 of 
 ga… 
 (l… 
 re… (1 ) — — — 2 — 1 — 
 fr… 
 AO… 
 to 
 in… 
 To… 
 ga… $ (1 ) $ — $ — $ 3 $ 2 $ — $ 1 $ 7 
 (l… 
The effect on the Consolidated Statements of Operations of derivative instruments not designated as
hedges is summarized as follows (in millions):
 Derivatives GAINS 
 Not (LOSSES) FOR 
 Designated Line Item in THE YEARS 
 as Hedging Statements ENDED July 28, 
 Instruments of Operations July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Foreign Other income 
 currency (loss), net $ (5 ) $ (60 ) $ (24 ) 
 derivatives 
 Total return Operating 
 swaps—defer… expenses 24 19 50 
 compensation 
 Cost of sales 1 2 4 
 Other income (10 ) (16 ) (11 ) 
 (loss), net 
 Equity Other income 9 3 (4 ) 
 derivatives (loss), net 
 Total $ 19 $ (52 ) $ 15 
88 Table of Contents
The notional amounts of our outstanding derivatives are summarized as follows (in millions):
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Derivatives designated as hedging 
 instruments: 
 Foreign currency derivatives—cash flow $ 743 $ 663 
 hedges 
 Interest rate derivatives 2,500 4,500 
 Net investment hedging instruments 331 309 
 Derivatives not designated as hedging 
 instruments: 
 Foreign currency derivatives 3,241 2,708 
 Total return swaps—deferred compensation 580 574 
 Total $ 7,395 $ 8,754 
 (b) Offsetting of Derivative Instruments 
We present our derivative instruments at gross fair values in the Consolidated Balance Sheets.
However, our master netting and other similar arrangements with the respective counterparties allow
for net settlement under certain conditions, which are designed to reduce credit risk by permitting
net settlement with the same counterparty. As of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 , the potential
effects of these rights of set-off associated with the derivative contracts would be a reduction to
both derivative assets and derivative liabilities of $ 10million and $ 13million , respectively.
To further limit credit risk, we also enter into collateral security arrangements related to certain
derivative instruments whereby cash is posted as collateral between the counterparties based on the
fair market value of the derivative instrument.Under these collateral security arrangements, the net
cash collateral received as of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 was $ 173million and $ 76million ,
respectively. Including the effects of collateral, this results in a net derivative asset of $
8million and $ 2million as of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 , respectively.
 (c) Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
We conduct business globally in numerous currencies. Therefore, we are exposed to adverse movements
in foreign currency exchange rates. To limit the exposure related to foreign currency changes, we
enter into foreign currency contracts. We do not enter into such contracts for speculative purposes.
We hedge forecasted foreign currency transactions related to certain revenues, operating expenses and
service cost of sales with currency options and forward contracts. These currency options and forward
contracts, designated as cash flow hedges, generally have maturities of less than 24months . The
derivative instrument’s gain or loss is initially reported as a component of AOCI and subsequently
reclassified into earnings when the hedged exposure affects earnings. During the fiscal years
presented, we did not discontinue any cash flow hedges for which it was probable that a forecasted
transaction would not occur.
We enter into foreign exchange forward and option contracts to reduce the short-term effects of
foreign currency fluctuations on assets and liabilities such as foreign currency receivables,
including long-term customer financings, investments, and payables. These derivatives are not
designated as hedging instruments. Gains and losses on the contracts are included in other income
(loss), net, and substantially offset foreign exchange gains and losses from the remeasurement of
intercompany balances or other current assets, investments, or liabilities denominated in currencies
other than the functional currency of the reporting entity.
We hedge certain net investments in our foreign operations with forward contracts to reduce the
effects of foreign currency fluctuations on our net investment in those foreign subsidiaries. These
derivative instruments generally have maturities of up to six months .
 (d) Interest Rate Risk 
Interest Rate Derivatives Designated as Fair Value Hedges, Long-Term Debt We hold interest rate swaps
designated as fair value hedges related to fixed-rate senior notes that are due in fiscal 2021
through 2025. Under these interest rate swaps, we receive fixed-rate interest payments and make
interest payments based on LIBOR plus a fixed number of basis points. The effect of such swaps is to
convert the fixed interest rates of the senior fixed-rate notes to floating interest rates based on
LIBOR. The gains and losses related to changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are
included in interest expense and substantially offset changes in the fair value of the hedged portion
of the underlying debt that are attributable to the changes in market interest rates.
89 Table of Contents
 (e) Equity Price Risk 
We may hold marketable equity securities in our portfolio that are subject to price risk. To
diversify our overall portfolio, we also hold equity derivatives that are not designated as
accounting hedges. The change in the fair value of each of these investment types are included in
other income (loss), net.
We are also exposed to variability in compensation charges related to certain deferred compensation
obligations to employees. Although not designated as accounting hedges, we utilize derivatives such
as total return swaps to economically hedge this exposure and offset the related compensation
expense.
 14. Commitments and Contingencies 
 (a) Purchase Commitments with Contract Manufacturers and Suppliers 
We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide
manufacturing services for our products. During the normal course of business, in order to manage
manufacturing lead times and help ensure adequate component supply, we enter into agreements with
contract manufacturers and suppliers that either allow them to procure inventory based upon criteria
as defined by us or establish the parameters defining our requirements. A significant portion of our
reported purchase commitments arising from these agreements consists of firm, noncancelable, and
unconditional commitments. Certain of these purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and
suppliers relate to arrangements to secure long-term pricing for certain product components for
multi-year periods. In certain instances, these agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule,
and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed.As of July
25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 , we had total purchase commitments for inventory of $ 4.4billion and $
5.0billion , respectively.
We record a liability for firm, noncancelable, and unconditional purchase commitments for quantities
in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with the valuation of our excess and obsolete
inventory. As of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 , the liability for these purchase commitments was $
141million and $ 129million , respectively, and was included in other current liabilities. The
provision for the liability related to purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers
was $ 139million , $ 95million , and $ 105million in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018 , respectively.
 (b) Other Commitments 
In connection with our acquisitions, we have agreed to pay certain additional amounts contingent upon
the achievement of certain agreed-upon technology, development, product, or other milestones or upon
the continued employment with Cisco of certain employees of the acquired entities.
The following table summarizes the compensation expense related to acquisitions (in millions): 
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Compensation expense related to $ 214 $ 313 $ 203 
 acquisitions 
As of July 25, 2020 , we estimated that future cash compensation expense of up to $ 271million may be
required to be recognized pursuant to the applicable business combination agreements.
We also have certain funding commitments, primarily related to our non-marketable equity and other
investments, some of which are based on the achievement of certain agreed-upon milestones, and some
of which are required to be funded on demand. The funding commitments were $ 0.3billion as of each of
July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 .
 (c) Product Warranties 
The following table summarizes the activity related to the product warranty liability (in millions): 
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Balance at beginning of fiscal $ 342 $ 359 $ 407 
 year 
 Provisions for warranties 561 600 582 
 issued 
 Adjustments for pre-existing (8 ) (12 ) (38 ) 
 warranties 
 Settlements (564 ) (603 ) (592 ) 
 Acquisitions and divestitures — (2 ) — 
 Balance at end of fiscal year $ 331 $ 342 $ 359 
90 Table of Contents
We accrue for warranty costs as part of our cost of sales based on associated material product costs,
labor costs for technical support staff, and associated overhead. Our products are generally covered
by a warranty for periods ranging from 90days to five years , and for some products we provide a
limited lifetime warranty.
 (d) Financing and Other Guarantees 
In the ordinary course of business, we provide financing guarantees for various third-party financing
arrangements extended to channel partners and end-user customers. Payments under these financing
guarantee arrangements were not material for the periods presented.
Channel Partner Financing Guarantees We facilitate arrangements for third-party financing extended to
channel partners, consisting of revolving short-term financing, with payment terms generally ranging
from 60 to 90days . During fiscal 2020, we expanded the payment terms on certain of our channel
partner financing programs by 30 days in response to the COVID-19 pandemic environment. These
financing arrangements facilitate the working capital requirements of the channel partners, and, in
some cases, we guarantee a portion of these arrangements. The volume of channel partner financing was
$ 26.9billion , $ 29.6billion , and $ 28.2billion in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018 , respectively. The
balance of the channel partner financing subject to guarantees was $ 1.1billion and $ 1.4billion as
of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 , respectively.
End-User Financing Guarantees We also provide financing guarantees for third-party financing
arrangements extended to end-user customers related to leases and loans, which typically have terms
of up to three years . The volume of financing provided by third parties for leases and loans as to
which we had provided guarantees was $ 9million , $ 14million , and $ 35million in fiscal 2020, 2019,
and 2018 , respectively.
Financing Guarantee Summary The aggregate amounts of financing guarantees outstanding at July 25,
2020 and July 27, 2019 , representing the total maximum potential future payments under financing
arrangements with third parties along with the related deferred revenue, are summarized in the
following table (in millions):
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Maximum potential future payments 
 relating to financing guarantees: 
 Channel partner $ 198 $ 197 
 End user 9 21 
 Total $ 207 $ 218 
 Deferred revenue associated with 
 financing guarantees: 
 Channel partner $ (19 ) $ (62 ) 
 End user (9 ) (15 ) 
 Total $ (28 ) $ (77 ) 
 Total $ 179 $ 141 
 (e) Indemnifications 
In the normal course of business, we indemnify other parties, including customers, lessors, and
parties to other transactions with us, with respect to certain matters. We have agreed to indemnify
against losses arising from a breach of representations or covenants or out of intellectual property
infringement or other claims made against certain parties. These agreements may limit the time within
which an indemnification claim can be made and the amount of the claim.
Charter Communications, Inc. (“Charter”), which acquired Time Warner Cable (“TWC”) in May 2016, is
seeking indemnification from us for a final judgment obtained by Sprint Communications Company, L.P.
(“Sprint”) against TWC in federal court in Kansas. Sprint sought monetary damages, alleging that TWC
infringed certain Sprint patents by offering VoIP telephone services utilizing products provided by
us generally in combination with those of other manufacturers. Following a trial on March 3, 2017 , a
jury in Kansas found that TWC willfully infringed five Sprint patents and awarded Sprint $
139.8million in damages. The Court awarded Sprint pre and post judgment interest of approximately $
10million and denied TWC’s post-trial motions and appeals. Charter reported that it paid the judgment
in full. At this time, we are working with Charter to calculate the correct amount of
indemnification. We do not believe that our indemnity obligations under our agreement will be
material.
We also have been asked to indemnify certain of our service provider customers that have been subject
to patent infringement claims asserted by Chanbond, LLC (“Chanbond”) in the United States District
Court for the District of Delaware on September 21, 2015 . Chanbond alleges that 13 service provider
companies, including among others, Comcast Corporation, Charter Communications, Inc. (“Charter”),
Time Warner Cable, Inc. (subsequently acquired by Charter), Cox Communications, Inc. (“Cox”), and
Cablevision Systems Corporation, infringe three patents by providing high speed cable internet
services to their customers utilizing cable modems and cable modem termination systems, consistent
with the DOCSIS 3.0 standard, provided by
91 Table of Contents
us and other manufacturers generally used in combination with each other. Chanbond seeks monetary
damages. On July 15, 2020, the Court vacated the August 19, 2020 trial date for Chanbond’s case
against Cox and has not yet set a new trial date. The other cases against the remaining service
provider defendants also have not yet been set for trial. We believe that the service provider
defendants have strong non-infringement, invalidity and other defenses. Due to uncertainties
surrounding the litigation processes, we are unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate outcome of
the cases at this time, but should Chanbond prevail in its cases against the service provider
defendants, we do not believe that any potential indemnity liability would be material.
During fiscal 2018, we recorded legal and indemnification settlement charges of $ 127million to
product cost of sales related to prior indemnification matters resolved in fiscal 2018.
In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and our
Amended and Restated Bylaws contain similar indemnification obligations to our agents.
It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements
due to uncertainties in the litigation process, coordination with other suppliers and the defendants
in these cases, and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement.
Historically, payments made by us under these agreements have not had a material effect on our
operating results, financial position, or cash flows.
 (f) Legal Proceedings 
Brazil Brazilian authorities have investigated our Brazilian subsidiary and certain of its former
employees, as well as a Brazilian importer of our products, and its affiliates and employees,
relating to alleged evasion of import taxes and alleged improper transactions involving the
subsidiary and the importer. Brazilian tax authorities have assessed claims against our Brazilian
subsidiary based on a theory of joint liability with the Brazilian importer for import taxes,
interest, and penalties. In addition to claims asserted by the Brazilian federal tax authorities in
prior fiscal years, tax authorities from the Brazilian state of Sao Paulo have asserted similar
claims on the same legal basis in prior fiscal years.
During the second quarter of fiscal 2020, $ 0.8billion of penalty and interest asserted by the
Brazilian federal tax authorities against our Brazilian subsidiary on the theory of joint liability
was dismissed on its merits. The asserted claims by Brazilian federal tax authorities that remain are
for calendar years 2003 through 2007, and the asserted claims by the tax authorities from the state
of Sao Paulo are for calendar years 2005 through 2007. The total remaining asserted claims by
Brazilian state and federal tax authorities aggregate to $ 155million for the alleged evasion of
import and other taxes, $ 756million for interest, and $ 383million for various penalties, all
determined using an exchange rate as of July 25, 2020 .
We have completed a thorough review of the matters and believe the remaining asserted claims against
our Brazilian subsidiary are without merit, and we are defending the claims vigorously. While we
believe there is no legal basis for the alleged liability, due to the complexities and uncertainty
surrounding the judicial process in Brazil and the nature of the claims asserting joint liability
with the importer, we are unable to determine the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome against our
Brazilian subsidiary and are unable to reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any. We do not expect
a final judicial determination for several years.
SRI International On September 4, 2013 , SRI International, Inc. (“SRI”) asserted patent infringement
claims against us in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, accusing our products and
services in the area of network intrusion detection of infringing two U.S. patents. SRI sought
monetary damages of at least a reasonable royalty and enhanced damages. The trial started on May 2,
2016 , and, on May 12, 2016 , the jury returned a verdict finding willful infringement. The jury
awarded SRI damages of $ 23.7million . On May 25, 2017 , the District Court awarded SRI enhanced
damages and attorneys’ fees, entered judgment in the new amount of $ 57.0million , and ordered an
ongoing royalty of 3.5% through the expiration of the patents in 2018. We appealed to the United
States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit on various grounds, and after various proceedings, on
July 12, 2019 , the Federal Circuit vacated the enhanced damages award; vacated and remanded in part
the willful infringement finding; vacated and remanded the attorneys’ fees award for further
proceedings; and affirmed the District Court’s other findings. On April 1, 2020 , the District Court
issued a final judgment on the remanded issues, finding no evidence of willful infringement and
reinstating the $ 8million award of attorneys’ fees. SRI appealed the judgment of no willful
infringement to the Federal Circuit on April 3, 2020 , and Cisco filed a cross-appeal on the
attorneys’ fees award on April 9, 2020 . Cisco has paid SRI $ 28.1million , representing the portion
of the judgment that the Federal Circuit previously affirmed, plus interest and royalties on post-
verdict sales. While the remaining proceedings may result in an additional loss, we do not expect it
to be material.
Centripetal On February 13, 2018 , Centripetal Networks, Inc. (“Centripetal”) asserted patent
infringement claims against us in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia,
alleging that several Cisco products and services (including Cisco’s Catalyst switches, ASR and ISR
series routers, ASAs with FirePOWER services, and Stealthwatch products) infringe eleven Centripetal
patents. Cisco thereafter petitioned the Patent Trial and Appeal Board (“PTAB”) of the United States
Patent and Trademark Office to review the validity of nine of the asserted patents. The PTAB
instituted inter partes review proceedings (“IPR Proceedings”) on six asserted patents and certain
claims of another asserted patent. The PTAB has issued Final Written Decisions for seven patents in
the instituted IPR Proceedings, and all claims of five patents have been found unpatentable and
several of the
92 Table of Contents claims of the other two patents have been found unpatentable. Starting on May 6,
2020 and concluding on June 25, 2020 , the District Court conducted a bench trial by videoconference
on the claims in the five patents not subject to the IPR Proceedings, including claims in three for
which the PTAB declined to institute IPR Proceedings. Centripetal seeks damages, enhanced damages for
willful infringement, and broad injunctive relief. While the trial result is uncertain, we believe
that a District Court finding of validity and infringement, finding of willfulness, award of damages
including any enhancement, and/or entry of injunctive relief are not supported by either the law or
the evidence presented at trial. We intend to appeal any adverse outcome to the United States Court
of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, and we believe that any relief ultimately awarded would not be
material. On April 29, 2020 and April 30, 2020 , Centripetal submitted complaints in the District
Court of Dusseldorf in Germany against Cisco Systems GmbH and Cisco Systems, Inc., asserting three
European patents seeking both injunctive relief and damages. Two of the three European patents are
counterparts to two U.S. patents Centripetal asserted against us in the U.S. District Court
proceedings, one of which has been invalidated by the PTAB. We are currently assessing the cases
filed in Germany. Due to uncertainty surrounding patent litigation processes in the U.S. and Europe,
however, we are unable to reasonably estimate the ultimate outcome of the cases at this time. Oyster
Optics On November 24, 2016 , Oyster Optics, LLC (“Oyster”) asserted patent infringement claims
against us in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas. Oyster alleged that certain
Cisco ONS 15454 and NCS 2000 line cards infringe U.S. Patent No. 7,620,327 (“the ‘327 Patent”).
Oyster sought monetary damages. Oyster also had filed infringement claims based on the ‘327 Patent
against other defendants, including ZTE, Nokia, NEC, Infinera, Huawei, Ciena, Alcatel-Lucent, and
Fujitsu, and the District Court consolidated the cases alleging infringement of the ‘327 Patent.
Oyster’s cases against some of the defendants were resolved. The District Court vacated the November
4, 2018 trial date set for Oyster’s claims against Cisco and one other remaining defendant, pending
resolution of Oyster’s December 6, 2018 appeal of the District Court’s summary judgment ruling
dismissing certain of Oyster’s claims. On May 8, 2020 , the Federal Circuit affirmed the District
Court’s summary judgment ruling. On June 18, 2020, Oyster dismissed its case against us based on the
‘327 Patent with prejudice. Finjan On January 6, 2017 , Finjan, Inc. (“Finjan”) asserted patent
infringement claims against us in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California,
seeking injunctive relief and damages, including enhanced damages for allegations of willful
infringement. Finjan alleges that Cisco’s AMP and ThreatGrid products and the URL rewrite feature of
Cisco’s ESA Outbreak Filter product infringe five patents, four of which have expired. Finjan has
conceded that they are not entitled to any pre-suit damages, accordingly it seeks approximately three
weeks of damages for the alleged infringement of the 8,677,494 and 6,154,844 patents, approximately
ten months of damages for the 6,804,780 patent, approximately three years of damages for the
7,647,633 patent, and approximately three-and-a-half years of past damages for the 8,141,154 patent
and an ongoing royalty until its expiration on December 12, 2025 . The case is currently set for jury
trial starting October 19, 2020 . While we believe that we have strong non-infringement arguments,
that the patents are invalid, that Finjan’s damages theories are not supported by prevailing law and
that Finjan will not be able to meet its burden required for injunctive relief, we are unable to
reasonably estimate the ultimate outcome of this litigation at this time due to uncertainties in the
litigation processes. If we do not prevail in the District Court, we believe that any damages
ultimately assessed would not be material. In addition, we are subject to legal proceedings, claims,
and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business, including intellectual property
litigation. While the outcome of these matters is currently not determinable, we do not expect that
the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated
financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. For additional information regarding
intellectual property litigation, see “Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors-We may be found to infringe on
intellectual property rights of others” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 93 Table of Contents
 15. Shareholders’ Equity 
 (a) Cash Dividends on Shares of Common Stock 
We declared and paid cash dividends of $ 1.42 , $ 1.36 and $ 1.24 per common share, or $ 6.0billion
each year, on our outstanding common stock during fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018 , respectively.
Any future dividends will be subject to the approval of our Board of Directors.
 (b) Stock Repurchase Program 
In September 2001, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program. As of July 25, 2020
, the remaining authorized amount for stock repurchases under this program, including the additional
authorization, is approximately $ 10.8billion , with no termination date.
A summary of the stock repurchase activity under the stock repurchase program, reported based on the
trade date, is summarized as follows (in millions, except per-share amounts):
 Weighted-Average Price 
 Years Ended Shares per Share Amount 
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 July 25, 2020 59 $ 44.36 $ 2,619 
 July 27, 2019 418 $ 49.22 $ 20,577 
 July 28, 2018 432 $ 40.88 $ 17,661 
There were no stock repurchases pending settlement as of July 25, 2020 . There were $ 40million and $
180million in stock repurchases that were pending settlement as of July 27, 2019 and July 28, 2018 ,
respectively.
The purchase price for the shares of our stock repurchased is reflected as a reduction to
shareholders’ equity.
We are required to allocate the purchase price of the repurchased shares as (i) a reduction to
retained earnings or an increase to accumulated deficit and (ii) a reduction of common stock and
additional paid-in capital.
 (c) Preferred Stock 
Under the terms of our Articles of Incorporation, the Board of Directors may determine the rights,
preferences, and terms of our authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock.
 16. Employee Benefit Plans 
 (a) Employee Stock Incentive Plans 
Stock Incentive Plan Program Description As of July 25, 2020 , we had one stock incentive plan: the
2005 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2005 Plan”). In addition, we have, in connection with our
acquisitions of various companies, assumed the share-based awards granted under stock incentive plans
of the acquired companies or issued share-based awards in replacement thereof. Share-based awards are
designed to reward employees for their long-term contributions to us and provide incentives for them
to remain with Cisco. The number and frequency of share-based awards are based on competitive
practices, operating results of Cisco, government regulations, and other factors. Our primary stock
incentive plan is summarized as follows:
2005 Plan The 2005 Plan provides for the granting of stock options, stock grants, stock units and
stock appreciation rights (SARs), the vesting of which may be time-based or upon satisfaction of
performance goals, or both, and/or other conditions. Employees (including employee directors and
executive officers) and consultants of Cisco and its subsidiaries and affiliates and non-employee
directors of Cisco are eligible to participate in the 2005 Plan. As of July 25, 2020 , the maximum
number of shares issuable under the 2005 Plan over its term was 694million shares. The 2005 Plan may
be terminated by the Board of Directors at any time and for any reason, and is currently set to
terminate at the 2021 Annual Meeting unless re-adopted or extended by the shareholders prior to or on
such date.
Under the 2005 Plan’s share reserve feature, a distinction is made between the number of shares in
the reserve attributable to (i) stock options and SARs and (ii) “full value” awards (i.e., stock
grants and stock units). Shares issued as stock grants, pursuant to stock units or pursuant to the
settlement of dividend equivalents are counted against shares available for issuance under the 2005
Plan on a 1.5 -to-1 ratio. For each share awarded as restricted stock or a restricted stock unit
award under the 2005 Plan, 1.5 shares was deducted from the available share-based award balance. For
restricted stock units that were awarded with vesting contingent upon the achievement of future
financial performance or market-based metrics, the maximum awards that can be achieved upon full
vesting of such awards. If awards issued under the 2005 Plan are forfeited or terminated for any
reason before being exercised or settled, then the shares underlying such awards, plus the number of
additional shares, if any, that counted against shares available
94 Table of Contents
for issuance under the 2005 Plan at the time of grant as a result of the application of the share
ratio described above, will become available again for issuance under the 2005 Plan. As of July 25,
2020 , 183million shares were authorized for future grant under the 2005 Plan.
 (b) Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
We have an Employee Stock Purchase Plan under which 721.4million shares of our common stock have been
reserved for issuance as of July 25, 2020 . Eligible employees are offered shares through a 24-month
offering period, which consists of four consecutive 6-month purchase periods. Employees may purchase
a limited amount of shares of our stock at a discount of up to 15% of the lesser of the fair market
value at the beginning of the offering period or the end of each 6-month purchase period. The
Employee Stock Purchase Plan is scheduled to terminate on the earlier of (i) January 3, 2030 and (ii)
the date on which all shares available for issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan are sold
pursuant to exercised purchase rights. We issued 18million , 19million , and 22million shares under
the Employee Stock Purchase Plan in fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018 , respectively. As of July 25, 2020 ,
141million shares were available for issuance under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
 (c) Summary of Share-Based Compensation Expense 
Share-based compensation expense consists primarily of expenses for stock options, stock purchase
rights, restricted stock, and RSUs granted to employees. The following table summarizes share-based
compensation expense (in millions):
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Cost of sales—product $ 93 $ 90 $ 94 
 Cost of sales—service 144 130 133 
 Share-based compensation expense in 
 cost 237 220 227 
 of sales 
 Research and development 592 540 538 
 Sales and marketing 500 519 555 
 General and administrative 215 250 246 
 Restructuring and other charges 25 62 33 
 Share-based compensation expense in 1,332 1,371 1,372 
 operating expenses 
 Total share-based compensation expense $ 1,569 $ 1,591 $ 1,599 
 Income tax benefit for share-based $ 452 $ 542 $ 558 
 compensation 
As of July 25, 2020 , the total compensation cost related to unvested share-based awards not yet
recognized was $ 3.9billion , which is expected to be recognized over approximately 2.7years on a
weighted-average basis.
 (d) Restricted Stock and Stock Unit Awards 
A summary of the restricted stock and stock unit activity, which includes time-based and performance-
based or market-based RSUs, is as follows (in millions, except per-share amounts):
 Weighted-Average 
 Restricted Stock/ Grant Date Fair 
 Stock Units Value per Share Aggregate Fair  Value 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 UNVESTED BALANCE AT 141 $ 26.94 
 JULY 29, 2017 
 Granted 46 35.62 
 Assumed from 1 28.26 
 acquisitions 
 Vested (53 ) 26.02 $ 1,909 
 Canceled/forfeited/ot… (16 ) 28.37 
 UNVESTED BALANCE AT 119 30.56 
 JULY 28, 2018 
 Granted 45 47.71 
 Vested (50 ) 29.25 $ 2,446 
 Canceled/forfeited/ot… (14 ) 32.01 
 UNVESTED BALANCE AT 100 38.66 
 JULY 27, 2019 
 Granted 49 42.61 
 Vested (44 ) 35.20 $ 2,045 
 Canceled/forfeited/ot… (9 ) 40.45 
 UNVESTED BALANCE AT 96 $ 42.03 
 JULY 25, 2020 
95 Table of Contents
 (e) Valuation of Employee Share-Based Awards 
Time-based restricted stock units and PRSUs that are based on our financial performance metrics or
non-financial operating goals are valued using the market value of our common stock on the date of
grant, discounted for the present value of expected dividends. On the date of grant, we estimated the
fair value of the total shareholder return (TSR) component of the PRSUs using a Monte Carlo
simulation model. The assumptions for the valuation of time-based RSUs and PRSUs are summarized as
follows:
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Number of shares 47 43 43 
 granted (in millions) 
 Grant date fair value $ 42.68 $ 47.75 $ 35.81 
 per share 
 Weighted-average 
 assumptions/inputs: 
 Expected dividend 3.1 % 2.7 % 3.2 % 
 yield 
 Range of risk-free 0.0%–2.0% 0.0%–2.9% 0.0%–2.7% 
 interest rates 
 PERFORMANCE BASED 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Number of shares 2 2 3 
 granted (in millions) 
 Grant date fair value $ 41.91 $ 47.00 $ 32.69 
 per share 
 Weighted-average 
 assumptions/inputs: 
 Expected dividend 2.8 % 2.8 % 3.5 % 
 yield 
 Range of risk-free 1.7%–2.0% 2.1%–3.0% 1.0%–2.7% 
 interest rates 
 Range of expected 
 volatilities for 13.7% - 69.0% 13.0% - 65.2% 12.5% – 82.8% 
 index 
The PRSUs granted during the fiscal years presented are contingent on the achievement of our
financial performance metrics, our comparative market-based returns, or the achievement of financial
and non-financial operating goals. For the awards based on financial performance metrics or
comparative market-based returns, generally 50% of the PRSUs are earned based on the average of
annual operating cash flow and earnings per share goals established at the beginning of each fiscal
year over a three -year performance period. Generally, the remaining 50% of the PRSUs are earned
based on our TSR measured against the benchmark TSR of a peer group over the same period. Each PRSU
recipient could vest in 0% to 150% of the target shares granted contingent on the achievement of our
financial performance metrics or our comparative market-based returns, and 0% to 100% of the target
shares granted contingent on the achievement of non-financial operating goals.
The assumptions for the valuation of employee stock purchase rights are summarized as follows:
 EMPLOYEE STOCK 
 PURCHASE RIGHTS 
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Weighted-average 
 assumptions: 
 Expected volatility 22.2 % 20.4 % 22.1 % 
 Risk-free interest  1.8 % 1.9 % 1.3 % 
 rate 
 Expected dividend 3.0 % 3.0 % 3.1 % 
 Expected life (in 1.3 1.3 1.3 
 years) 
 Weighted-average 
 estimated grant date $ 10.20 $ 9.06 $ 7.48 
 fair value per share 
The valuation of employee stock purchase rights and the related assumptions are for the employee
stock purchases made during the respective fiscal years.
We used third-party analyses to assist in developing the assumptions used in our Black-Scholes model.
We are responsible for determining the assumptions used in estimating the fair value of our share-
based payment awards.
We used the implied volatility for traded options (with contract terms corresponding to the expected
life of the employee stock purchase rights) on our stock as the expected volatility assumption
required in the Black-Scholes model. The implied volatility is more representative of future stock
price trends than historical volatility. The risk-free interest rate assumption is based upon
observed interest rates appropriate for the term of our employee stock purchase rights. The dividend
yield assumption is based on the history and expectation of dividend payouts at the grant date.
96 Table of Contents
 (f) Employee 401(k) Plans 
We sponsor the Cisco Systems, Inc. 401(k) Plan (the “Plan”) to provide retirement benefits for our
employees. As allowed under Section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code, the Plan provides for tax-
deferred salary contributions and after-tax contributions for eligible employees. The Plan allows
employees to contribute up to 75% of their annual eligible earnings to the Plan on a pretax and
after-tax basis, including Roth contributions. Employee contributions are limited to a maximum annual
amount as set periodically by the Internal Revenue Code. We match pretax and Roth employee
contributions up to 100% of the first 4.5% of eligible earnings that are contributed by employees.
Therefore, the maximum matching contribution that we may allocate to each participant’s account will
not exceed $ 12,825 for the 2020 calendar year due to the $285,000 annual limit on eligible earnings
imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. All matching contributions vest immediately. Our matching
contributions to the Plan totaled $ 295million , $ 283million , and $ 269million in fiscal 2020,
2019, and 2018 , respectively.
The Plan allows employees who meet the age requirements and reach the Plan contribution limits to
make catch-up contributions (pretax or Roth) not to exceed the lesser of 75% of their annual eligible
earnings or the limit set forth in the Internal Revenue Code. Catch-up contributions are not eligible
for matching contributions. In addition, the Plan provides for discretionary profit-sharing
contributions as determined by the Board of Directors. Such contributions to the Plan are allocated
among eligible participants in the proportion of their salaries to the total salaries of all
participants. There were no discretionary profit-sharing contributions made in fiscal 2020, 2019, and
2018 .
We also sponsor other 401(k) plans as a result of acquisitions of other companies. Our contributions
to these plans were not material to Cisco on either an individual or aggregate basis for any of the
fiscal years presented.
 (g) Deferred Compensation Plans 
The Cisco Systems, Inc. Deferred Compensation Plan (the “Deferred Compensation Plan”), a nonqualified
deferred compensation plan, became effective in 2007. As required by applicable law, participation in
the Deferred Compensation Plan is limited to a select group of our management employees. Under the
Deferred Compensation Plan, which is an unfunded and unsecured deferred compensation arrangement, a
participant may elect to defer base salary, bonus, and/or commissions, pursuant to such rules as may
be established by Cisco, up to the maximum percentages for each deferral election as described in the
plan. We may also, at our discretion, make a matching contribution to the employee under the Deferred
Compensation Plan. A matching contribution equal to 4.5% of eligible compensation in excess of the
Internal Revenue Code limit for qualified plans for calendar year 2020 that is deferred by
participants under the Deferred Compensation Plan (with a $ 1.5million cap on eligible compensation)
will be made to eligible participants’ accounts at the end of calendar year 2020 . The total deferred
compensation liability under the Deferred Compensation Plan, together with deferred compensation
plans assumed from acquired companies, was approximately $ 704 million and $ 678million as of July
25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 , respectively, and was recorded primarily in other long-term liabilities.
97 Table of Contents
 17. Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
The components of AOCI, net of tax, and the other comprehensive income (loss), excluding
noncontrolling interest, are summarized as follows (in millions):
 Net Cumulative 
 Net Unrealized Translation 
 Unrealized Gains Adjustment Accumulated 
 Gains (Losses) and Other 
 (Losses) on Cash Actuarial Comprehensi… 
 Available-f… Flow Hedging Gains and Income 
 Investments Instruments Losses (Loss) 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 BALANCE AT 
 JULY 29, $ 373 $ 32 $ (359 ) $ 46 
 2017 
 Other 
 comprehens… 
 income (543 ) 21 (159 ) (681 ) 
 (loss) 
 before 
 reclassifi… 
 (Gains) 
 losses (287 ) (68 ) 7 (348 ) 
 reclassifi… 
 out of AOCI 
 Tax benefit 93 4 (8 ) 89 
 (expense) 
 Total 
 change for (737 ) (43 ) (160 ) (940 ) 
 the period 
 Effect of 
 adoption of 54 — (9 ) 45 
 accounting 
 standard 
 BALANCE AT 
 JULY 28, (310 ) (11 ) (528 ) (849 ) 
 2018 
 Other 
 comprehens… 
 income 560 — (267 ) 293 
 (loss) 
 before 
 reclassifi… 
 (Gains) 
 losses 13 (3 ) 2 12 
 reclassifi… 
 out of AOCI 
 Tax benefit (95 ) — 15 (80 ) 
 (expense) 
 Total 
 change for 478 (3 ) (250 ) 225 
 the period 
 Effect of 
 adoption of (168 ) — — (168 ) 
 accounting 
 standard 
 BALANCE AT 
 JULY 27, — (14 ) (778 ) (792 ) 
 2019 
 Other 
 comprehens… 
 income 420 7 (51 ) 376 
 (loss) 
 before 
 reclassifi… 
 (Gains) 
 losses (42 ) 1 6 (35 ) 
 reclassifi… 
 out of AOCI 
 Tax benefit (63 ) — (5 ) (68 ) 
 (expense) 
 BALANCE AT 
 JULY 25, $ 315 $ (6 ) $ (828 ) $ (519 ) 
 2020 
The net gains (losses) reclassified out of AOCI into the Consolidated Statements of Operations, with
line item location, during each period were as follows (in millions):
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Comprehensi… Line Item in 
 Income Income Before Statements 
 Components Taxes of 
 Operations 
 Net 
 unrealized 
 gains and $ 42 $ (13 ) $ 287 Other income 
 losses on (loss), net 
 available-f… 
 investments 
 Net 
 unrealized 
 gains and 
 losses on 
 cash 
 flow hedging 
 instruments 
 Foreign 
 currency (1 ) 2 — Revenue 
 derivatives 
 Foreign Cost of 
 currency — — 16 sales 
 derivatives 
 Foreign Operating 
 currency — 1 52 expenses 
 derivatives 
 (1 ) 3 68 
 Cumulative 
 translation 
 adjustment Operating 
 and — — (7 ) expenses 
 actuarial 
 gains and 
 losses 
 Cumulative 
 translation 
 adjustment Other income 
 and (6 ) (2 ) — (loss), net 
 actuarial 
 gains and 
 losses 
 Total 
 amounts $ 35 $ (12 ) $ 348 
 reclassified 
 out of AOCI 
98 Table of Contents
 18. Income Taxes 
 (a) Provision for Income Taxes 
The provision for income taxes consists of the following (in millions):
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Federal: 
 Current $ 1,101 $ 1,760 $ 9,900 
 Deferred (374 ) (84 ) 1,156 
 727 1,676 11,056 
 State: 
 Current 264 302 340 
 Deferred 287 (2 ) (232 ) 
 551 300 108 
 Foreign: 
 Current 1,429 1,238 1,789 
 Deferred 49 (264 ) (24 ) 
 1,478 974 1,765 
 Total $ 2,756 $ 2,950 $ 12,929 
Income before provision for income taxes consists of the following (in millions):
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 United States $ 7,534 $ 7,611 $ 3,765 
 International 6,436 6,960 9,274 
 Total $ 13,970 $ 14,571 $ 13,039 
The items accounting for the difference between income taxes computed at the federal statutory rate
and the provision for income taxes consist of the following:
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Federal statutory rate 21.0 % 21.0 % 27.0 % 
 Effect of: 
 State taxes, net of federal 3.5 2.0 0.6 
 tax benefit 
 Foreign income at other than (1.5 ) (4.5 ) (5.2 ) 
 U.S. rates 
 Tax credits (0.9 ) (1.7 ) (2.5 ) 
 Foreign-derived intangible 
 income (2.6 ) (1.3 ) — 
 deduction 
 Domestic manufacturing — — (0.5 ) 
 deduction 
 Stock-based compensation (0.1 ) (0.6 ) (0.1 ) 
 Impact of the Tax Act — 6.1 80.1 
 Other, net 0.3 (0.8 ) (0.2 ) 
 Total 19.7 % 20.2 % 99.2 % 
During fiscal 2018 and 2019, we recorded a total tax charge as a result of the Tax Act of $
11.3billion , consisting of $ 9.0billion of tax expense for the U.S. transition tax on accumulated
earnings of foreign subsidiaries, $ 1.2billion of foreign withholding tax and $ 1.1billion of tax
expense for DTA re-measurement.
During fiscal 2020 , the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and Cisco settled all outstanding items
related to the audit of our federal income tax returns for the fiscal year ended July 30, 2011
through July 27, 2013. As a result of the settlement, we recognized a net benefit to the provision
for income taxes of $ 102million , which included a reduction in interest expense of $ 4million . We
are no longer subject to U.S. federal tax audit through fiscal 2013.
Foreign taxes associated with the repatriation of earnings of foreign subsidiaries were not provided
on a cumulative total of $ 6.8billion of undistributed earnings for certain foreign subsidiaries as
of the end of fiscal 2020 . We intend to reinvest these earnings indefinitely in such foreign
subsidiaries. If these earnings were distributed in the form of dividends or otherwise, or if the
shares
99 Table of Contents
of the relevant foreign subsidiaries were sold or otherwise transferred, we could be subject to
additional foreign taxes. The amount of potential unrecognized deferred income tax liability related
to these earnings is approximately $ 706million .
As a result of certain employment and capital investment actions, our income in certain foreign
countries was subject to reduced tax rates. The tax incentives expired at the end of fiscal 2019. As
of the end of fiscal 2019 and 2018 , the gross income tax benefits attributable to tax incentives
were estimated to be $ 0.3billion and $ 0.9billion ( $ 0.08 and $ 0.19 per diluted share) for the
respective years. The gross income tax benefits were partially offset by accruals of U.S. income
taxes on foreign earnings.
Unrecognized Tax Benefits
The aggregate changes in the balance of gross unrecognized tax benefits were as follows (in
millions):
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Beginning balance $ 1,925 $ 2,000 $ 1,973 
 Additions based on tax 
 positions related 188 185 251 
 to the current year 
 Additions for tax positions of 
 prior 554 84 84 
 years 
 Reductions for tax positions 
 of prior (136 ) (283 ) (129 ) 
 years 
 Settlements (4 ) (38 ) (124 ) 
 Lapse of statute of (9 ) (23 ) (55 ) 
 limitations 
 Ending balance $ 2,518 $ 1,925 $ 2,000 
As of July 25, 2020 , $ 2.2billion of the unrecognized tax benefits would affect the effective tax
rate if realized. During fiscal 2020 , we recognized $ 104million of net interest expense and
increased our unrecognized tax benefits for prior year tax positions by $ 554million to reflect
expected settlement positions in on-going U.S. federal, state, and foreign income tax return
examinations. We recognized net interest expense of $ 30million and $ 10million , respectively,
during fiscal 2019 and 2018. Our net penalty expense for fiscal 2020, 2019 and 2018 was not material.
Our total accrual for interest and penalties was $ 340million , $ 220million , and $ 180million as of
the end of fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018 , respectively. We are no longer subject to U.S. federal
income tax audit for returns covering tax years through fiscal 2013. We are no longer subject to
foreign or state income tax audits for returns covering tax years through fiscal 1999 and fiscal
2008, respectively.
We regularly engage in discussions and negotiations with tax authorities regarding tax matters in
various jurisdictions. We believe it is reasonably possible that certain federal, foreign, and state
tax matters may be concluded in the next 12 months. Specific positions that may be resolved include
issues involving transfer pricing and various other matters. We estimate that the unrecognized tax
benefits at July 25, 2020 could be reduced by $ 150million in the next 12 months.
 (b) Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities 
The following table presents the breakdown for net deferred tax assets (in millions):
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Deferred tax assets $ 3,990 $ 4,065 
 Deferred tax liabilities (81 ) (95 ) 
 Total net deferred tax assets $ 3,909 $ 3,970 
100 Table of Contents
The following table presents the components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities (in millions):
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 ASSETS 
 Allowance for doubtful accounts and $ 110 $ 127 
 returns 
 Sales-type and direct-financing leases 179 176 
 Inventory write-downs and capitalization 350 409 
 Deferred foreign income 253 — 
 IPR&D, goodwill, and purchased 1,289 1,427 
 intangible assets 
 Deferred revenue 1,182 1,150 
 Credits and net operating loss 1,105 1,241 
 carryforwards 
 Share-based compensation expense 135 164 
 Accrued compensation 353 342 
 Lease liabilities 240 — 
 Other 571 419 
 Gross deferred tax assets 5,767 5,455 
 Valuation allowance (700 ) (457 ) 
 Total deferred tax assets 5,067 4,998 
 LIABILITIES 
 Purchased intangible assets (577 ) (705 ) 
 Depreciation (179 ) (141 ) 
 Unrealized gains on investments (119 ) (70 ) 
 ROU lease assets (222 ) — 
 Other (61 ) (112 ) 
 Total deferred tax liabilities (1,158 ) (1,028 ) 
 Total net deferred tax assets $ 3,909 $ 3,970 
As of July 25, 2020 , our federal, state, and foreign net operating loss carryforwards for income tax
purposes were $ 405million , $ 1.2billion , and $ 644million , respectively. A significant amount of
the net operating loss carryforwards relates to acquisitions and, as a result, is limited in the
amount that can be recognized in any one year. If not utilized, the federal net operating loss
carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal 2022, and the state and foreign net operating loss
carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal 2021 . We have provided a valuation allowance of $
98million for deferred tax assets related to foreign net operating losses that are not expected to be
realized.
As of July 25, 2020 , our federal, state, and foreign tax credit carryforwards for income tax
purposes were approximately $ 10million , $ 1.2billion , and $ 5million , respectively. The federal
tax credit carryforwards will begin to expire in fiscal 2021 . The majority of state and foreign tax
credits can be carried forward indefinitely. We have provided a valuation allowance of $ 541million
for deferred tax assets related to state and foreign tax credits that are not expected to be
realized.
 19. Segment Information and Major Customers 
 (a) Revenue and Gross Margin by Segment 
We conduct business globally and are primarily managed on a geographic basis consisting of three
segments: the Americas, EMEA, and APJC. Our management makes financial decisions and allocates
resources based on the information it receives from our internal management system. Sales are
attributed to a segment based on the ordering location of the customer. We do not allocate research
and development, sales and marketing, or general and administrative expenses to our segments in this
internal management system because management does not include the information in our measurement of
the performance of the operating segments. In addition, we do not allocate amortization and
impairment of acquisition-related intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, significant
litigation settlements and other contingencies, charges related to asset impairments and
restructurings, and certain other charges to the gross margin for each segment because management
does not include this information in our measurement of the performance of the operating segments.
101 Table of Contents
Summarized financial information by segment for fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018 , based on our internal
management system and as utilized by our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM), is as follows (in
millions):
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Revenue: 
 Americas $ 29,291 $ 30,927 $ 29,070 
 EMEA 12,659 13,100 12,425 
 APJC 7,352 7,877 7,834 
 Total $ 49,301 $ 51,904 $ 49,330 
 Gross margin: 
 Americas $ 19,547 $ 20,338 $ 18,792 
 EMEA 8,304 8,457 7,945 
 APJC 4,688 4,683 4,726 
 Segment total 32,538 33,479 31,463 
 Unallocated corporate items (855 ) (813 ) (857 ) 
 Total $ 31,683 $ 32,666 $ 30,606 
Amounts may not sum due to rounding.
Revenue in the United States was $ 26.1billion , $ 27.4billion , and $ 25.5billion for fiscal 2020,
2019, and 2018 , respectively.
 (b) Revenue for Groups of Similar Products and Services 
We design, manufacture, and sell IP-based networking and other products related to the communications
and IT industry and provide services associated with these products and their use.
The following table presents revenue for groups of similar products and services (in millions):
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Revenue: 
 Infrastructure Platforms $ 27,122 $ 30,099 $ 28,286 
 Applications 5,568 5,803 5,036 
 Security 3,154 2,821 2,388 
 Other Products 135 281 999 
 Total Product 35,978 39,005 36,709 
 Services 13,323 12,899 12,621 
 Total(1) $ 49,301 $ 51,904 $ 49,330 
(1) Includes SPVSS business revenue of $ 168million and $ 903million for fiscal 2019 and 2018 ,
respectively.
Amounts may not sum due to rounding. We have made certain reclassifications to the product revenue
amounts for prior years to conform to the current year’s presentation.
 (c) Additional Segment Information 
The majority of our assets as of July 25, 2020 and July 27, 2019 were attributable to our U.S.
operations. In fiscal 2020, 2019, and 2018 , no single customer accounted for 10% or more of revenue.
Our long-lived assets are based on the physical location of the assets. The following table presents
our long-lived assets, which consists of property and equipment, net and operating lease right-of-use
assets information for geographic areas (in millions):
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Long-lived assets: 
 United States $ 2,328 $ 2,266 $ 2,487 
 International 1,046 523 519 
 Total $ 3,374 $ 2,789 $ 3,006 
102 Table of Contents
 20. Net Income per Share 
The following table presents the calculation of basic and diluted net income per share (in millions,
except per-share amounts):
 Years Ended July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Net income $ 11,214 $ 11,621 $ 110 
 Weighted-average shares—basic 4,236 4,419 4,837 
 Effect of dilutive potential common 18 34 44 
 shares 
 Weighted-average shares—diluted 4,254 4,453 4,881 
 Net income per share—basic $ 2.65 $ 2.63 $ 0.02 
 Net income per share—diluted $ 2.64 $ 2.61 $ 0.02 
 Antidilutive employee share-based 76 55 61 
 awards, excluded 
Employee equity share options, unvested shares, and similar equity instruments granted and assumed by
Cisco are treated as potential common shares outstanding in computing diluted earnings per share.
Diluted shares outstanding include the dilutive effect of in-the-money options, unvested restricted
stock, and restricted stock units. The dilutive effect of such equity awards is calculated based on
the average share price for each fiscal period using the treasury stock method. Under the treasury
stock method, the amount the employee must pay for exercising stock options and the amount of
compensation cost for future service that has not yet been recognized are collectively assumed to be
used to repurchase shares. 103 Table of Contents
Supplementary Financial Data (Unaudited)
(in millions, except per-share amounts)
 January 25, October 26, 
 Quarters Ended July 25, 2020 April 25, 2020 2020 2019 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Revenue $ 12,154 $ 11,983 $ 12,005 $ 13,159 
 Gross margin $ 7,684 $ 7,771 $ 7,764 $ 8,464 
 Operating $ 3,247 $ 3,414 $ 3,380 $ 3,579 
 income 
 Net income $ 2,636 $ 2,774 $ 2,878 $ 2,926 
 Net income per $ 0.62 $ 0.66 $ 0.68 $ 0.69 
 share - basic 
 Net income per 
 share - $ 0.62 $ 0.65 $ 0.68 $ 0.68 
 diluted 
 Cash dividends 
 declared per $ 0.36 $ 0.36 $ 0.35 $ 0.35 
 common share 
 Cash and cash 
 equivalents $ 29,419 $ 28,574 $ 27,062 $ 28,035 
 and 
 investments 
 Quarters July 27, January 26, October 27, 
 Ended 2019(1) April 27, 2019 2019 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Revenue $ 13,428 $ 12,958 $ 12,446 $ 13,072 
 Gross margin $ 8,574 $ 8,173 $ 7,773 $ 8,146 
 Operating $ 3,690 $ 3,513 $ 3,211 $ 3,805 
 income 
 Net income $ 2,206 $ 3,044 $ 2,822 $ 3,549 
 Net income 
 per share - $ 0.52 $ 0.70 $ 0.63 $ 0.78 
 basic 
 Net income 
 per share - $ 0.51 $ 0.69 $ 0.63 $ 0.77 
 diluted 
 Cash 
 dividends $ 0.35 $ 0.35 $ 0.33 $ 0.33 
 declared per 
 common share 
 Cash and cash 
 equivalents $ 33,413 $ 34,643 $ 40,383 $ 42,593 
 and 
 investments 
(1) In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019, we recorded an $ 872million charge which was the reversal
of the previously recorded benefit associated with the U.S. taxation of deemed foreign dividends
recorded in fiscal 2018 as a result of a retroactive final U.S. Treasury regulation issued during the
quarter.
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
None.
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Based on our management’s evaluation (with the
participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer), as of the end of
the period covered by this report, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the “Exchange Act”)) are effective
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Internal Control over Financial Reporting
Management’s report on our internal control over financial reporting and the report of our
independent registered public accounting firm on our internal control over financial reporting are
set forth, respectively, on page 58 under the caption “Management’s Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting” and on page 56 of this report. There was no change in our internal control over
financial reporting during our fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 that has materially affected, or is
reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 104 Table of
Contents
 Item 9B. Other Information 
None. PART III
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
The information required by this item relating to our directors and nominees is included under the
captions “Proposal No. 1 — Election of Directors,” “Business Experience and Qualifications of
Nominees” and “Board Meetings and Committees” in our Proxy Statement related to the 2020 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference. The information required by this
item regarding our Audit Committee is included under the caption “Board Meetings and Committees” in
our Proxy Statement related to the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and is incorporated herein by
reference. Pursuant to General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K, the information required by this item
relating to our executive officers is included under the caption “Information about our Executive
Officers” in Part I of this report. With regard to the information required by this item regarding
compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, we will provide disclosure of delinquent Section
16(a) reports, if any, in our Proxy Statement related to the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and
such disclosure, if any, is incorporated herein by reference. We have adopted a code of ethics that
applies to our principal executive officer and all members of our finance department, including the
principal financial officer and principal accounting officer. This code of ethics is entitled
“Financial Officer Code of Ethics: Additional Ethics Obligations for All Finance Employees” and can
be found at the “Financial Officer Code of Ethics” link in the Corporate Governance section of
Cisco’s Investor Relations website at investor.cisco.com. We intend to satisfy any disclosure
requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding an amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of
this code of ethics by posting such information on our investor relations website
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
The information required by this item relating to executive compensation is included under the
captions “Director Compensation,” “Compensation Discussion and Analysis,” “Compensation Committee
Report,” “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” “Summary Compensation Table,”
“Grants of Plan-Based Awards—Fiscal 2020,” “Outstanding Equity Awards at 2020 Fiscal Year End,”
“Option Exercises and Stock Vested — Fiscal 2020,” “Nonqualified Deferred Compensation — Fiscal
2020,” “Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control,” “Potential Payments — Accelerated
Equity Awards,” and “CEO Pay Ratio” in our Proxy Statement related to the 2020 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders and is incorporated herein by reference.
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder 
 Matters 
The information required by this item relating to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and
management is included under the caption “Ownership of Securities,” and the information required by
this item relating to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is included
under the caption “Proposal No. 3 — Approval of the Amendment and Restatement of the 2005 Stock
Incentive Plan,” in each case in our Proxy Statement related to the 2020 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, and is incorporated herein by reference.
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
The information required by this item relating to review, approval or ratification of transactions
with related persons is included under the caption “Certain Relationships and Transactions with
Related Persons,” and the information required by this item relating to director independence is
included under the caption “Independent Directors,” in each case in our Proxy Statement related to
the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. 105 Table of
Contents
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
The information required by this item is included under the captions “Proposal No. 5 — Ratification
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” in our Proxy Statement related to the 2020 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders, and is incorporated herein by reference. PART IV
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) 1.    Financial Statements 
See the “Index to Consolidated Financial Statements” on page 55 of this report.
 2. Financial Statement Schedule 
See “Schedule II—Valuation and Qualifying Accounts” (below) within Item 15 of this report.
 3. Exhibits 
See the “Index to Exhibits” beginning on page 107 of this report.
 SCHEDULE II 
 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS 
 (in millions) 
 July 25, 2020 July 27, 2019 July 28, 2018 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Allowance for Doubtful 
 Accounts: 
 Balance at beginning of fiscal $ 136 $ 129 $ 211 
 year 
 Provisions (benefits) 55 56 (45 ) 
 Recoveries (write-offs), net (48 ) (50 ) (37 ) 
 Foreign exchange and other — 1 — 
 Balance at end of fiscal year $ 143 $ 136 $ 129 
 Allowance for Financing 
 Receivables: 
 Balance at beginning of fiscal $ 126 $ 205 $ 295 
 year 
 Provisions (benefits) 38 (16 ) (89 ) 
 Recoveries (write-offs), net (22 ) (42 ) (6 ) 
 Foreign exchange and other (4 ) (21 ) 5 
 Balance at end of fiscal year $ 138 $ 126 $ 205 
 Deferred Tax Asset Valuation 
 Allowance: 
 Balance at beginning of fiscal $ 457 $ 374 $ 244 
 year 
 Additions 279 112 163 
 Deductions (29 ) (20 ) (7 ) 
 Write-offs (7 ) (8 ) (26 ) 
 Foreign exchange and other — (1 ) — 
 Balance at end of fiscal year $ 700 $ 457 $ 374 
106 Table of Contents INDEX TO EXHIBITS
 Exhibit Exhibit Incorporated Filed 
 Number Description by Reference Herewith 
 Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 
 Restated 
 Articles of 
 Incorporation 
 3.1 of Cisco S-3 333-56004 4.1 2/21/2001 
 Systems, 
 Inc., as 
 currently in 
 effect 
 Amended and 
 Restated 
 Bylaws of 
 3.2 Cisco 8-K 000-18225 3.1 7/29/2016 
 Systems, 
 Inc., as 
 currently in 
 effect 
 Indenture, 
 dated 
 February 17, 
 2009, between 
 Cisco 
 4.1 Systems, Inc. 8-K 000-18225 4.1 2/17/2009 
 and the Bank 
 of New York 
 Mellon Trust 
 Company, 
 N.A., as 
 trustee 
 Indenture, 
 dated 
 November 17, 
 2009, between 
 Cisco 
 4.2 Systems, Inc. 8-K 000-18225 4.1 11/17/2009 
 and the Bank 
 of New York 
 Mellon Trust 
 Company, 
 N.A., as 
 trustee 
 Indenture, 
 dated March 
 3, 2014, 
 between the 
 Company and 
 4.3 The Bank of 8-K 000-18225 4.1 3/3/2014 
 New York 
 Mellon Trust 
 Company, 
 N.A., as 
 trustee 
 Forms of 
 Global Note 
 for the 
 4.4 registrant’s 8-K 000-18225 4.1 2/17/2009 
 5.90% Senior 
 Notes due 
 2039 
 Forms of 
 Global Note 
 for the 
 registrant’s 
 4.5 4.45% Senior 8-K 000-18225 4.1 11/17/2009 
 Notes due 
 2020 and 
 5.50% Senior 
 Notes due 
 2040 
 Form of 
 Officer’s 
 Certificate 
 setting forth 
 4.6 the terms of 8-K 000-18225 4.2 3/3/2014 
 the Fixed and 
 Floating Rate 
 Notes issued 
 in March 2014 
 Form of 
 Officer’s 
 Certificate 
 setting forth 
 4.7 the terms of 8-K 000-18225 4.1 6/18/2015 
 the Fixed and 
 Floating 
 Notes issued 
 in June 2015 
 Form of 
 Officer’s 
 Certificate 
 setting forth 
 4.8 the terms of 8-K 000-18225 4.1 2/29/2016 
 the Fixed and 
 Floating 
 Notes issued 
 in February 
 2016 
 Form of 
 Officer’s 
 Certificate 
 setting forth 
 4.9 the terms of 8-K 000-18225 4.1 9/20/2016 
 the Fixed and 
 Floating 
 Notes issued 
 in September 
 2016 
 Description 
 4.10 of X 
 Registrant's 
 Securities 
 Cisco 
 Systems, Inc. 
 2005 Stock 
 10.1* Incentive X 
 Plan 
 (including 
 related form 
 agreements) 
 Cisco 
 Systems, Inc. 
 10.2* Employee 8-K 000-18225 10.1 12/13/2018 
 Stock 
 Purchase Plan 
 Cisco 
 Systems, Inc. 
 10.3* Deferred 10-Q 000-18225 10.2 2/19/2019 
 Compensation 
 Plan, as 
 amended 
 Cisco 
 Systems, Inc. 
 10.4* Executive 8-K 000-18225 10.2 12/12/2017 
 Incentive 
 Plan 
 Form of 
 Executive 
 10.5* Officer 10-K 000-18225 10.7 9/20/2004 
 Indemnificat… 
 Agreement 
 Form of 
 10.6* Director 10-K 000-18225 10.8 9/20/2004 
 Indemnificat… 
 Agreement 
 Credit 
 Agreement 
 dated as of 
 May 15, 2020, 
 by and among 
 Cisco 
 Systems, Inc. 
 and Lenders 
 10.7 party 10-Q 000-18225 10.1 5/18/2020 
 thereto, and 
 Bank of 
 America, 
 N.A., as 
 administrati… 
 agent, swing 
 line lender 
 and an L/C 
 issuer 
 Form of 
 10.8 Commercial 10-Q 000-18225 10.1 2/23/2011 
 Paper Dealer 
 Agreement 
 Commercial 
 Paper Issuing 
 and Paying 
 Agent 
 Agreement 
 10.9 dated January 10-Q 000-18225 10.2 2/23/2011 
 31, 2011 
 between the 
 Registrant 
 and Bank of 
 America, N.A. 
 Subsidiaries 
 21.1 of the X 
 Registrant 
 Consent of 
 Independent 
 23.1 Registered X 
 Public 
 Accounting 
 Firm 
 Power of 
 Attorney 
 (included on 
 24.1 page 109 of X 
 this Annual 
 Report on 
 Form 10-K) 
107 Table of Contents
 Exhibit Exhibit Incorporated Filed 
 Number Description by Reference Herewith 
 Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 
 Rule 
 13a–14(a)/15d… 
 31.1 Certification X 
 of Principal 
 Executive 
 Officer 
 Rule 
 13a–14(a)/15d… 
 31.2 Certification X 
 of Principal 
 Financial 
 Officer 
 Section 1350 
 Certification 
 32.1 of Principal X 
 Executive 
 Officer 
 Section 1350 
 Certification 
 32.2 of Principal X 
 Financial 
 Officer 
 Inline XBRL 
 101.INS Instance X 
 Document 
 Inline XBRL 
 Taxonomy 
 101.SCH Extension X 
 Schema 
 Document 
 Inline XBRL 
 Taxonomy 
 101.CAL Extension X 
 Calculation 
 Linkbase 
 Document 
 Inline XBRL 
 Taxonomy 
 101.DEF Extension X 
 Definition 
 Linkbase 
 Document 
 Inline XBRL 
 Taxonomy 
 101.LAB Extension X 
 Label Linkbase 
 Document 
 Inline XBRL 
 Taxonomy 
 101.PRE Extension X 
 Presentation 
 Linkbase 
 Document 
 Cover Page 
 Interactive 
 Data File 
 (Embedded 
 104 within the X 
 Inline XBRL 
 document and 
 included in 
 Exhibit 101) 
 * Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
None. 108 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report on Form 10-K to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
 September 3, 2020 CISCO SYSTEMS, INC. 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 /S/CHARLESH.ROBBINS 
 Charles H. Robbins 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below
constitutes and appoints Charles H. Robbins and Kelly A. Kramer , jointly and severally, his
attorney-in-fact, each with the full power of substitution, for such person, in any and all
capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same,
with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and
Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent full power and authority to do and
perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as
fully to all intents and purposes as he might do or could do in person hereby ratifying and
confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or his substitute, may do or cause to
be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.
 Signature Title Date 
 /S/CHARLESH.ROBBINS Chairman and Chief Executive Officer September 3, 2020 
 ────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Charles H. Robbins -Principal Executive Officer 
 /S/KELLYA.KRAMER Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer September 3, 2020 
 Kelly A. Kramer -Principal Financial Officer 
 /S/PRATS.BHATT Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller and September 3, 2020 
 Prat S. Bhatt Chief Accounting Officer 
 -Principal Accounting Officer 
109 Table of Contents
 Signature Title Date 
 /S/M.MICHELEBURNS Director September 3, 2020 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 M. Michele Burns 
 /S/WESLEYG.BUSH Director September 3, 2020 
 Wesley G. Bush 
 /S/MICHAELD.CAPELLAS Lead Independent Director September 3, 2020 
 Michael D. Capellas 
 /S/MARKGARRETT Director September 3, 2020 
 Mark Garrett 
 /S/KRISTINAM. JOHNSON Director September 3, 2020 
 Dr. Kristina M. Johnson 
 /S/RODERICKC.MCGEARY Director September 3, 2020 
 Roderick C. McGeary 
 /S/ARUNSARIN Director September 3, 2020 
 Arun Sarin 
 /S/BRENTONL.SAUNDERS Director September 3, 2020 
 Brenton L. Saunders 
 /S/LISA T.SU Director September 3, 2020 
 Dr. Lisa T. Su