Forward-Looking Statements 
This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal
securities laws. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
regarding: our core strategy; our ability to improve our content offerings and service; our future
financial performance, including expectations regarding revenues, deferred revenue, operating income
and margin, net income, expenses, and profitability; liquidity, including the sufficiency of our
capital resources, net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, access to financing sources,
and free cash flows; capital allocation strategies, including any stock repurchases or repurchase
programs; seasonality; stock price volatility; impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations,
including on net income, revenues and average revenues per paying member; impact of interest rate
fluctuations; adequacy of existing facilities; future regulatory changes and their impact on our
business; intellectual property; price changes and testing; accounting treatment for changes related
to content assets; acquisitions; actions by competitors; membership growth, including impact of
content and pricing changes on membership growth; partnerships; advertising; multi-household usage;
member viewing patterns; dividends; future contractual obligations, including unknown content
obligations and timing of payments; our global content and marketing investments, including
investments in original programming; impact of work stoppages; content amortization; resolutions of
tax examinations; tax expense; unrecognized tax benefits; deferred tax assets; our ability to
effectively manage change and growth; our company culture; and our ability to attract and retain
qualified employees and key personnel. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and
uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ. A detailed discussion of these
and other risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially
from such forward-looking statements is included throughout this filing and particularly in Item 1A:
"Risk Factors" section set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All forward-looking statements
included in this document are based on information available to us on the date hereof, and we assume
no obligation to revise or publicly release any revision to any such forward-looking statement,
except as may otherwise be required by law.
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Item 1. │
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Business │
 ABOUT US 
Netflix, Inc. (“Netflix”, “the Company”, “registrant”, “we”, or “us”) is one of the world’s leading
entertainment services with over 260 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV
series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and
resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.
Our core strategy is to grow our business globally within the parameters of our operating margin
target. We strive to continuously improve our members' experience by offering compelling content that
delights them and attracts new members. We seek to drive conversation around our content to further
enhance member joy, and we are continuously enhancing our user interface to help our members more
easily choose content that they will find enjoyable.
 BUSINESS SEGMENTS 
We operate as one operating segment. Our revenues are primarily derived from monthly membership fees
for services related to streaming content to our members. See Note 12, Segment and Geographic
Information , in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements for further detail.
 COMPETITION 
The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. We compete
with a broad set of activities for consumers’ leisure time, including other entertainment video
providers, such as linear TV, streaming entertainment providers (including those that provide pirated
content), video gaming providers and more broadly against other sources of entertainment, like social
media, that our members could choose in their moments of free time. We also compete against
entertainment video providers and content producers in obtaining content for our service, both for
licensed content and for original content projects.
While consumers may maintain simultaneous relationships with multiple entertainment sources, we
strive for consumers to choose us in their moments of free time. We have often referred to this
choice as our objective of "winning moments of truth." In attempting to win these moments of truth
with our members, we seek to continually improve our service, including both our technology and our
content offerings.
 SEASONALITY 
 1 
 Table of Contents 
Our membership growth exhibits a seasonal pattern that reflects variations when consumers buy
internet-connected screens and when they tend to increase their viewing. Historically, the fourth
quarter represents our greatest streaming membership growth. In addition, our membership growth can
be impacted by our content release schedule and changes to pricing and plans.
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
We regard our trademarks, service marks, copyrights, patents, domain names, trade dress, trade
secrets, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as important to our success. We
use a combination of patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret laws and confidentiality
agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our intellectual property rights extend
to our technology, business processes and the content we produce and distribute through our service.
We use the intellectual property of third parties in creating some of our content, merchandising our
products and marketing our service. Our ability to provide our members with content they can watch
depends on studios, content providers and other rights holders licensing rights, including
distribution rights, to such content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public
performance of music contained within the content we distribute. The license periods and the terms
and conditions of such licenses vary. Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property
rights is subject to certain risks and from time to time we encounter disputes over rights and
obligations concerning intellectual property. We cannot provide assurance that we will prevail in any
intellectual property disputes.
 REGULATION 
The media landscape and the internet delivery of content have seen growing regulatory action.
Historically, media has been highly regulated in many countries. We are seeing some of these legacy
regulatory frameworks be updated and expanded to address services like ours. In particular, we are
seeing some countries update their cultural support legislation to include services like Netflix.
This includes content quotas, levies and investment obligations. Some even restrict the extent of
ownership rights we can have both in our service and in our content. In certain countries, regulators
are also looking at restrictions that could require formal reviews of and/or adjustments to content
that appears on our service in their country. In general these regulations impact all services and
may make operating in certain jurisdictions more expensive or restrictive as to the content offerings
we may provide.
 HUMAN CAPITAL 
We view our employees and our culture as key to our success. As of December 31, 2023, we had
approximately 13,000 full-time employees. Of these, approximately 9,000 (69%) were located in the
United States and Canada, 2,000 (15%) in Europe, Middle East, and Africa, 500 (4%) in Latin America
and 1,500 (12%) in Asia-Pacific. We also have a number of employees engaged in content production,
some of whom are part-time or temporary, and whose numbers fluctuate throughout the year. We believe
a critical component of our success is our company culture. This culture, which is detailed in a
"Culture Memo" located on our website, is often described as providing a unique environment for our
associates to perform the best work of their lives in pursuit of excellence. We aim to attract and
retain great people - representing a diverse array of perspectives and skills - to work together as a
dream team. We empower all of our employees so that they can have significant impact and input into
decision-making; each employee has a high degree of freedom and power to make the decisions and take
actions in the best interest of the company in carrying out their role. In return, our employees are
responsible and accountable for those decisions and actions. With this approach, we believe we are a
more flexible, fun, stimulating, creative, collaborative and successful organization.
As we have expanded our offices globally, our company culture remains an important aspect of our
operations. We are mindful of cultural differences across and within regions. Fostering a work
environment that is culturally diverse, inclusive and equitable is a major focus for us. We work to
build diversity, inclusion and equity into all aspects of our operations globally, with the goal of
having diversity and inclusion function as a critical lens through which each Netflix employee
carries out their role. We want more people and cultures to see themselves reflected on screen - so
it’s important that our employee base is diverse and represents the communities we serve. We look to
help increase representation by training our recruiters on how to hire more inclusively, and to help
the company and senior leaders diversify their networks. We also support numerous employee resource
groups (ERGs), representing employees and allies from a broad array of historically underrepresented
and/or marginalized communities. We publish annually an update on our inclusion initiatives and
progress, which further highlights our approach to diversity and inclusion, and publish our EEO-1
reports on our website.
We believe in fostering great leaders. We offer programs, such as seminars and lectures, that are
designed to equip our leaders (officers, VPs, people managers and director and senior manager-level
employees) to lead the business and our teams in alignment with our expectations and strategic goals.
We have built a portfolio of programs under three foundational pillars - great company, great
leaders, and great human beings - which we believe support our current and future success. We also
offer programs and workshops to provide skills and coaching to employees on a variety of topics, such
as leading and inspiring
 2 
 Table of Contents 
teams. We believe this focus helps our employees grow as leaders and well-rounded individuals, and
better positions Netflix to operate our global business of providing compelling content to entertain
the world.
We aim to generally pay our employees at the top of their personal market, and they generally are
able to choose the form of their compensation between cash and stock options. This permits employee
compensation to be highly personalized and reflective of each employee's individual needs and
preferences. We conduct pay equity analyses at least annually, and have adopted practices to help
ensure that employees from underrepresented groups are not being underpaid based on gender (globally)
and race (U.S.) relative to others doing the same or similar work under comparable circumstances. We
aim to rectify any pay gaps that we find through this analysis.
We care about the health and well-being of our employees and their families and provide a variety of
benefit programs based on region, including health benefits. In the U.S., employees generally receive
an annual cash health benefit allowance that they may allocate to medical, dental and vision premiums
in a way that makes sense for them. Employees have access to a host of other benefits, including
mental health, childcare, family planning and a company match for charitable donations.
We believe that our approach to human capital resources has been instrumental in our growth, and has
made Netflix a desirable destination for employees.
 OTHER INFORMATION 
We maintain a website at www.netflix.com. The contents of our website are not incorporated in, or
otherwise to be regarded as part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We make available, free of
charge on our website, access to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q,
our Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to
Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as
soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish them electronically with the Securities and
Exchange Commission ("SEC").
Investors and others should note that we announce material financial and other information to our
investors using our investor relations website ( ir.netflix.net ), SEC filings, press releases,
public conference calls and webcasts. We use these channels as well as social media and blogs to
communicate with our members and the public about our company, our services and other issues. It is
possible that the information we post on social media and blogs could be deemed to be material
information. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, and others interested in our company to
review the information we post on the social media channels and blogs listed on our investor
relations website.
 3 
 Table of Contents 
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Item 1A. │
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Risk Factors │
If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of
operations could be harmed. In that case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and
you could lose all or part of your investment.
 Risks Related to Our Business 
If our efforts to attract and retain members are not successful, our business will be adversely
affected.
We must continually add new members both to replace canceled memberships and to grow our business
beyond our current membership base. Our penetration and growth rates have fluctuated and vary across
the jurisdictions where we provide our service. In countries where we have been operating for many
years or where we are highly penetrated, our membership growth is slower than in newer or less
penetrated countries. Our ability to continue to attract and retain members will depend in part on
our ability to consistently provide our members in countries around the globe with compelling content
choices that keep our members engaged with our service, effectively drive conversation around our
content and service, as well as provide a quality experience for choosing and enjoying TV series,
films and games. Furthermore, the relative service levels, content offerings, pricing and related
features of competitors to our service may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain
members. Competitors include other entertainment video providers, such as linear television, and
streaming entertainment providers (including those that provide pirated content), video gaming
providers, as well as user-generated content, and more broadly other sources of entertainment that
our members could choose in their moments of free time.
Members cancel our service for many reasons, including a perception that they do not use the service
sufficiently, that they need to cut household expenses, dissatisfaction with content, a preference
for competitive services and customer service issues that they believe are not satisfactorily
resolved. Membership growth is also impacted by seasonality, with the fourth quarter historically
representing our greatest growth, as well as the timing of our content release schedules. Adverse
macroeconomic conditions, including inflation, may also adversely impact our ability to attract and
retain members. If we do not grow as expected, given, in particular, that our content costs are
largely fixed in nature, we may not be able to adjust our expenditures or increase our (per
membership) revenues, including by adjusting membership pricing, commensurate with the lowered growth
rate such that our margins, liquidity and results of operations may be adversely impacted. If we are
unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors in providing compelling content,
retaining our existing members and attracting new members, our business will be adversely affected.
If we do not continuously provide value to our members, including making improvements to our service
in a manner that is favorably received by them, our revenue, results of operations and business will
be adversely affected.
If consumers do not perceive our service offering to be of value, including if we introduce new or
adjust existing features, adjust pricing or service offerings, or change the mix of content in a
manner that is not favorably received by them, we may not be able to attract and retain members, and
accordingly, our revenue, including revenue per paying membership, and results of operations may be
adversely affected. We have recently expanded our entertainment video offering to include games. If
our efforts to develop and offer games are not valued by our current and future members, our ability
to attract and retain members may be negatively impacted. We may also seek to extend our business
into new products and services to help drive growth. For example, we are expanding our offering of
consumer products and live experiences. To the extent we cannot successfully find and develop new
products and services to help drive growth, our future results of operations and growth may be
adversely impacted.
We have and may, from time to time, adjust our membership pricing, our membership plans, or our
pricing model itself. For example, we introduced a new, lower-priced ad-supported subscription plan.
Similarly, we have increased enforcement of and will continue to enforce our terms of use to limit
multi-household usage and shared viewing outside of a household. These and other adjustments we make
may not be well-received by consumers, and could negatively impact our ability to attract and retain
members, revenues per paying membership, revenue and our results of operations. In addition, many of
our members rejoin our service or originate from word-of-mouth advertising from existing members. If
our efforts to satisfy our existing members or adjustments to our service are not successful, we may
not be able to attract or retain members, and as a result, our ability to maintain and/or grow our
business will be adversely affected.
Changes in competitive offerings for entertainment video could adversely impact our business.
The market for entertainment is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change. Through new and
existing distribution channels, consumers have increasing options to access entertainment video. The
various economic models underlying these channels include subscription, transactional, ad-supported
and piracy-based models. All of these have the potential to capture
 4 
 Table of Contents 
meaningful segments of the entertainment video market. Traditional providers of entertainment video,
including broadcasters and cable network operators, as well as internet based e-commerce or
entertainment video providers are increasing their streaming video offerings. Several of these
competitors have long operating histories, large customer bases, strong brand recognition, exclusive
rights to certain content, large content libraries, and significant financial, marketing and other
resources. They may offer more compelling content or secure better terms from suppliers, adopt more
aggressive pricing and devote more resources to product development, technology, infrastructure,
content acquisitions and marketing. New entrants may enter the market or existing providers may
adjust their services with unique offerings or approaches to providing entertainment video. In
addition, new technological developments, including the development and use of generative artificial
intelligence, are rapidly evolving. If our competitors gain an advantage by using such technologies,
our ability to compete effectively and our results of operations could be adversely impacted.
Companies also may enter into business combinations or alliances that strengthen their competitive
positions. Piracy also threatens to damage our business, as its fundamental proposition to consumers
is so compelling and difficult to compete against: virtually all content for free. In light of the
compelling consumer proposition, piracy services are subject to rapid global growth, and our efforts
to prevent that growth may be insufficient. If we are unable to successfully or profitably compete
with current and new competitors, our business will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to
increase or maintain market share, revenues or profitability.
We face risks, such as unforeseen costs and potential liability in connection with content we
acquire, produce, license and/or distribute through our service.
As a producer and distributor of content, we face potential liability for negligence, copyright and
trademark infringement, or other claims based on the nature and content of materials that we acquire,
produce, license and/or distribute. We also may face potential liability for content used in
promoting our service, including marketing materials. We devote significant resources toward the
development, production, marketing and distribution of original programming, including TV series,
documentaries, feature films and games. We believe that original and exclusive programming can help
differentiate our service from other offerings, enhance our brand and otherwise attract and retain
members. To the extent our programming does not meet our expectations, in particular, in terms of
costs, viewing and popularity, our business, including our brand and results of operations may be
adversely impacted. As a content producer, we are responsible for production costs and other
expenses, such as ongoing guild payments, and take on risks associated with production, such as
completion and key talent risk. Further, negotiations or renewals related to entertainment industry
collective bargaining agreements have, and in the future, could negatively impact timing and costs
associated with our productions. We contract with third parties related to the development,
production, marketing and distribution of our original programming. We may face potential liability
or may suffer significant losses in connection with these arrangements, including but not limited to
if such third parties violate applicable law, become insolvent or engage in fraudulent behavior. To
the extent we create and sell physical or digital merchandise relating to our programming, and/or
license such rights to third parties, we could become subject to product liability, intellectual
property or other claims related to such merchandise. We may decide to remove content from our
service, not to place licensed or produced content on our service or discontinue or alter production
of original content if we believe such content might not be well received by our members, is
prohibited by law, or could be damaging to our brand or business.
To the extent we do not accurately anticipate costs or mitigate risks, including for content that we
obtain but ultimately does not appear on or is removed from our service, or if we become liable for
content we acquire, produce, license and/or distribute, our business may suffer. Litigation to defend
these claims could be costly and the expenses and damages arising from any liability or unforeseen
production risks could harm our results of operations. We may not be indemnified against claims or
costs of these types and we may not have insurance coverage for these types of claims.
If we are not able to manage change and growth, our business could be adversely affected.
We are expanding our operations internationally, scaling our streaming service to effectively and
reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our services, such as
introducing games and advertising on our service, as well as offering live programming and expanding
our consumer products and experiences. We are also scaling our own studio operations to produce
original content, including through acquisitions such as Scanline and Animal Logic. As our
international offering evolves, we are managing and adjusting our business to address varied content
offerings, consumer customs and practices, in particular those dealing with e-commerce and streaming
video, as well as differing legal and regulatory environments. As we scale our streaming service and
introduce new features such as our new ad-supported subscription plan, we are developing technology
and utilizing third-party “cloud” computing, technology and other services. As we scale our content
production, including games, and introduce new features, such as live programming and expand our
consumer products and experience offerings, we are building out expertise in a number of disciplines,
including creative, marketing, legal, finance, licensing, merchandising and other resources, which
requires significant resources and management attention. Further, we may expand our content and
service offerings in a manner that is not well received by consumers. As we grow our operations, we
may face integration and operational challenges as well as potential unknown liabilities and
reputational concerns in connection with partners we work with or companies we may acquire or
control. If we are not able to
 5 
 Table of Contents 
manage the growing complexity of our business, including improving, refining or revising our
corporate culture, as well as our systems and operational practices related to our streaming
operations and original content, our business may be adversely affected.
If we fail to maintain a positive reputation concerning our service and the content we offer, we may
not be able to attract or retain members, we may face regulatory scrutiny and our operating results
may be adversely affected.
We believe that a positive reputation concerning our service is important in attracting and retaining
members. To the extent our content, in particular, our original programming, is perceived as low
quality, offensive or otherwise not compelling to consumers, our ability to establish and maintain a
positive reputation may be adversely impacted. To the extent our content is deemed controversial or
offensive by government regulators, we may face direct or indirect retaliatory action or behavior,
including being required to remove such content from our service, our entire service could be banned
and/or become subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny across our business and operations. We could
also face boycotts which could adversely affect our business. Furthermore, to the extent our response
to government action or our marketing, customer service and public relations efforts are not
effective or result in negative reaction, our ability to establish and maintain a positive reputation
may likewise be adversely impacted. There is an increasing focus from regulators, investors, members
and other stakeholders on environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) matters, both in the United
States and internationally, including the adoption of new disclosure and regulatory frameworks. To
the extent the content we distribute and the manner in which we produce content creates ESG related
concerns, our reputation may be harmed.
Our business could be adversely impacted by costs and challenges associated with strategic
acquisitions and investments.
From time to time, we acquire or invest in businesses, content, and technologies that support our
business. The risks associated with such acquisitions or investments (some of which may be
unforeseen) include the difficulty of integrating solutions, operations, and personnel; inheriting
liabilities and exposure to litigation; failure to realize anticipated benefits and expected
synergies; and diversion of management’s time and attention, among other acquisition-related risks.
We may not be successful in overcoming such risks, and such acquisitions and investments may
negatively impact our business. In addition, if we do not complete an announced acquisition
transaction or integrate an acquired business successfully and in a timely manner, we may not realize
the benefits of the acquisition to the extent anticipated. Acquisitions and investments may
contribute to fluctuations in our quarterly financial results. These fluctuations could arise from
transaction-related costs and charges associated with eliminating redundant expenses or write-offs of
impaired assets recorded in connection with acquisitions and investments, and could negatively impact
our financial results.
We rely upon a number of partners to make our service available on their devices.
We currently offer members the ability to receive streaming content through a host of internet-
connected devices, including TVs, digital video players, TV set-top boxes and mobile devices. We have
agreements with various cable, satellite and telecommunications operators to make our service
available through the TV set-top boxes of these service providers, some of which compete directly
with us or have investments in competing streaming content providers. In many instances, our
agreements also include provisions by which the partner bills consumers directly for the Netflix
service or otherwise offers services or products in connection with offering our service. If partners
or other providers do a better job of connecting consumers with content they want to watch, for
example through multi-service discovery interfaces, our service may be adversely impacted. We intend
to continue to broaden our relationships with existing partners and to increase our capability to
stream TV series and films and offer games to other platforms and partners over time. If we are not
successful in maintaining existing and creating new relationships, or if we encounter technological,
content licensing, regulatory, business or other impediments to delivering our streaming content to
our members via these devices, our ability to retain members and grow our business could be adversely
impacted.
Our agreements with our partners are typically between one and three years in duration and our
business could be adversely affected if, upon expiration, a number of our partners do not continue to
provide access to our service or are unwilling to do so on terms acceptable to us, which terms may
include the degree of accessibility and prominence of our service. Furthermore, devices are
manufactured and sold by entities other than Netflix and while these entities should be responsible
for the devices’ performance, the connection between these devices and our service may nonetheless
result in consumer dissatisfaction toward us and such dissatisfaction could result in claims against
us or otherwise adversely impact our business. In addition, technology changes to our streaming
functionality may require that partners update their devices, or may lead to us to stop supporting
the delivery of our service on certain legacy devices. If partners do not update or otherwise modify
their devices, or if we discontinue support for certain devices, our service and our members' use and
enjoyment could be negatively impacted.
 6 
 Table of Contents 
 We are subject to payment processing risk. 
Our members pay for our service using a variety of different payment methods, including credit and
debit cards, gift cards, prepaid cards, direct debit, online wallets and direct carrier and partner
billing. We rely on internal systems and those of third parties to process payment. Acceptance and
processing of these payment methods are subject to certain rules, regulations, and industry
standards, including data storage requirements, additional authentication requirements for certain
payment methods, and require payment of interchange and other fees. To the extent there are increases
in payment processing fees, material changes in the payment ecosystem, such as large re-issuances of
payment cards, delays in receiving payments from payment processors, changes to rules, regulations or
industry standards concerning payments, loss of payment partners and/or disruptions or failures in
our payment processing systems, partner systems or payment products, including products we use to
update payment information, our revenue, operating expenses and results of operations could be
adversely impacted. In certain instances, we leverage third parties such as our cable and other
partners to bill subscribers on our behalf. If these third parties become unwilling or unable to
continue processing payments on our behalf, we would have to transition subscribers or otherwise find
alternative methods of collecting payments, which could adversely impact member acquisition and
retention. In addition, from time to time, we encounter fraudulent use of payment methods, which
could impact our results of operations and if not adequately controlled and managed could create
negative consumer perceptions of our service. If we are unable to maintain our fraud and chargeback
rate at acceptable levels, card networks may impose fines, our card approval rate may be impacted and
we may be subject to additional card authentication requirements. The termination of our ability to
process payments on any major payment method would significantly impair our ability to operate our
business.
If government regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our business change, we may need
to alter the manner in which we conduct our business, or incur greater operating expenses.
The adoption or modification of laws or regulations relating to the internet or other areas of our
business could limit or otherwise adversely affect the manner in which we currently conduct our
business. As our service and others like us gain traction in international markets, governments are
increasingly looking to introduce new or extend legacy regulations to these services, in particular
those related to broadcast media and tax. For example, European law enables individual member states
to impose levies and other financial obligations on media operators located outside their
jurisdiction. Several jurisdictions have and others may, over time, impose financial and regulatory
obligations on us. In addition, the continued growth and development of the market for online
commerce may lead to more stringent consumer protection laws, which may impose additional burdens on
us. If we are required to comply with new regulations or legislation or new interpretations of
existing regulations or legislation, this compliance could cause us to incur additional expenses or
alter our business model.
Changes in laws or regulations that adversely affect the growth, popularity or use of the internet,
including laws impacting net neutrality or requiring payment of network access fees, could decrease
the demand for our service and increase our cost of doing business. Certain laws intended to prevent
network operators from discriminating against the legal traffic that traverse their networks have
been implemented in many countries, including across the European Union. In others, the laws may be
nascent or non-existent. Furthermore, favorable laws may change, including for example, in the United
States where net neutrality regulations were repealed. Given uncertainty around these rules,
including changing interpretations, amendments or repeal, coupled with potentially significant
political and economic power of local network operators, we could experience discriminatory or anti-
competitive practices that could impede our growth, cause us to incur additional expense or otherwise
negatively affect our business.
We are engaged in legal proceedings that could cause us to incur unforeseen expenses and could occupy
a significant amount of our management's time and attention.
From time to time, we are subject to litigation or claims that could negatively affect our business
operations and financial position. As we have grown, we have seen a rise in the number of litigation
matters against us. These matters have included copyright and other claims related to our content,
patent infringement claims, tax litigation, employment related litigation, as well as consumer and
securities class actions, each of which are typically expensive to defend. Litigation disputes could
cause us to incur unforeseen expenses, result in content unavailability, service disruptions, and
otherwise occupy a significant amount of our management's time and attention, any of which could
negatively affect our business operations and financial position. We also receive inquiries and
subpoenas and other types of information requests from government authorities, and we may become
subject to related claims and other actions related to our business activities. While the ultimate
outcome of investigations, inquiries, information requests and related legal proceedings is difficult
to predict, such matters can be expensive, time-consuming and distracting, and adverse resolutions or
settlements of those matters may result in, among other things, modification of our business
practices, reputational harm or costs and significant payments, any of which could negatively affect
our business operations and financial position.
Our advertising offering is new and subject to various risks and uncertainties, which may adversely
affect our business.
 7 
 Table of Contents 
We have limited experience and operating history offering advertising on our service, and our
advertising revenue may not grow as we expect. Our ability to generate advertising revenue is subject
to various risks and will depend on a number of factors, including:
• our ability to attract and retain advertisers;
• fluctuations in memberships, including those selecting the ad-supported subscription plan, and
member engagement;
• the quantity or quality of ads shown to our members;
• our ability to compete effectively for advertising spend;
• the impact of seasonal, cyclical or other shifts in advertising spend, including the impact of
macroeconomic conditions;
• the availability, accuracy, utility, and security of analytics and measurement solutions offered by
us or third parties that demonstrate the value of our ads to marketers, or our ability to further
improve such tools;
• changes in the way advertising on devices, connected TVs or on personal computers is measured or
priced;
• adverse legal developments relating to advertising or measurement tools;
• changes in third-party policies, which may negatively impact the ability to measure, deliver and
select ads to be served;
• regulatory, legislative and industry developments relating to the collection and use of information
and other privacy considerations, including regulations related to ad targeting and measurement
tools;
• any liability or reputational harm from advertisements shown on our service;
• our relationship with third-party service providers for the management, operation, sale and
technology to support advertisements on our service;
• our ability to develop and expand an advertising sales organization team;
• our ability to develop the technology and related infrastructure to support advertising;
• the impact of our content and reputation on advertisers’ willingness to spend with us; and
• any member dissatisfaction due to advertisements.
 Risks Related to Intellectual Property 
If studios, content providers or other rights holders refuse to license streaming content or other
rights upon terms acceptable to us, our business could be adversely affected.
Our ability to provide our members with content they can enjoy depends on obtaining various rights
from third parties upon terms acceptable to us, including necessary distribution rights, to such
content and certain related elements thereof, such as the public performance of music contained
within the content we distribute. The license periods and the terms and conditions of such rights
vary. As content providers develop their own streaming services, they may be unwilling to provide us
with access to certain content, including popular series or movies. If the studios, content providers
and other rights holders are not or are no longer willing or able to license us content upon terms
acceptable to us, our ability to stream content to our members may be adversely affected and/or our
costs could increase. Certain licenses for content provide for the studios or other content providers
to withdraw content from our service relatively quickly. Because of these provisions and other
actions we may take, content available through our service can be withdrawn on short notice. As
competition increases, we see the cost of certain programming increase. As we seek to differentiate
our service, we are often focused on securing certain exclusive rights when obtaining content,
including original content. We are also focused on programming an overall mix of content that
delights our members in a cost efficient manner. Within this context, we are selective about the
titles we add and renew to our service. If we do not maintain a compelling mix of content, our member
acquisition and retention may be adversely affected.
Music and certain authors’ performances contained within content we distribute may require us to
obtain licenses for such distribution. In this regard, we engage in negotiations with collection
management organizations (“CMOs”) and similar entities that hold certain rights to music and/or other
interests in intellectual property (e.g., remuneration rights) in connection with streaming content
into various territories. If we are unable to reach mutually acceptable terms with these
organizations, we could become involved in litigation and/or could be enjoined from distributing
certain content, which could adversely impact our business. Additionally, pending and ongoing
litigation and negotiations between certain CMOs and other third parties in various territories could
adversely impact our negotiations with CMOs, or result in music publishers represented by certain
CMOs unilaterally withdrawing rights, and thereby adversely impact our ability to reach licensing
agreements reasonably acceptable to us. Failure to reach such licensing agreements could expose us to
potential liability for copyright infringement or otherwise increase our costs. Additionally, as the
market for the digital distribution of content grows, a broader role for CMOs in the remuneration of
authors, performers and other beneficiaries of neighboring rights is likely to expose us to greater
distribution expenses in certain markets.
 8 
 Table of Contents 
If our trademarks and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected to prevent use or
appropriation by third parties, the value of our brand and other intangible assets may be diminished,
and our business may be adversely affected.
We rely and expect to continue to rely on a combination of confidentiality and license agreements
with our employees, consultants and third parties with whom we have relationships, as well as
trademark, copyright, patent and trade secret protection laws, to protect our proprietary rights. We
may also seek to enforce our proprietary rights through court proceedings or other legal actions. We
have filed and we expect to file from time to time for trademark, copyright, and patent applications.
Nevertheless, these applications may not be approved, third parties may challenge any copyrights,
patents or trademarks issued to or held by us, third parties may knowingly or unknowingly infringe
our intellectual property rights, and we may not be able to prevent infringement or misappropriation
without substantial expense to us. If the protection of our intellectual property rights is
inadequate to prevent use or misappropriation by third parties, the value of our brand, content, and
other intangible assets may be diminished, competitors may be able to more effectively mimic our
service and methods of operations, the perception of our business and service to members and
potential members may become confused in the marketplace, and our ability to attract members may be
adversely affected.
We currently hold various domain names relating to our brand, including Netflix.com. Failure to
protect our domain names could adversely affect our reputation and brand and make it more difficult
for users to find our website and our service. We may be unable, without significant cost or at all,
to prevent third parties from acquiring domain names that are similar to, infringe upon or otherwise
decrease the value of our trademarks and other proprietary rights.
Intellectual property claims against us could be costly and result in the loss of significant rights
related to, among other things, our website, streaming technology, our recommendation and
merchandising technology, title selection processes, our content, and marketing activities.
Trademark, copyright, patent and other intellectual property rights are important to us and other
companies. Our intellectual property rights extend to our technology, business processes, the content
we produce and distribute through our service, and consumer products, experiences, and marketing
assets based thereon. We use the intellectual property of third parties in creating some of our
content, merchandising our products and marketing our service. From time to time, third parties
allege that we have infringed or otherwise violated their intellectual property rights. If we are
unable to obtain sufficient rights, successfully defend our use, or develop non-infringing technology
or otherwise alter our business practices on a timely basis in response to claims against us for
infringement, misappropriation, misuse or other violation of third-party intellectual property
rights, our business and competitive position may be adversely affected. In addition, the use or
adoption of new and emerging technologies may increase our exposure to intellectual property claims,
and the availability of copyright and other intellectual property protection for AI-generated
material is uncertain. Many companies are devoting significant resources to developing patents that
could potentially affect many aspects of our business. There are numerous patents that broadly claim
means and methods of conducting business on the internet. We have not searched patents relative to
our technology. Defending ourselves against intellectual property claims, whether they are with or
without merit or are determined in our favor, results in costly litigation and diversion of technical
and management personnel. It also may result in our inability to use our current website, streaming
technology, our recommendation and merchandising technology or inability to market our service or
merchandise our products. We may also have to remove content from our service, or remove consumer
products or marketing materials from the marketplace. As a result of a dispute, we may have to
develop non-infringing technology, enter into royalty or licensing agreements, adjust our content,
merchandising or marketing activities or take other actions to resolve the claims. These actions, if
required, may be costly or unavailable on terms acceptable to us.
 Risks Related to Information Technology 
Any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third
parties that we utilize in our operations, including those relating to cybersecurity or arising from
cyber-attacks, could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized access, disclosure or
destruction of data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property,
including digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business.
Our reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable
performance and security of our computer systems and those of third parties that we utilize in our
operations. These systems may be subject to damage or interruption from, among other things,
earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, public health issues such as
pandemics or epidemics, terrorist attacks, rogue employees, power loss, telecommunications failures,
cybersecurity risks and incidents, and other interruptions beyond our control. Interruptions in these
systems, or with the internet in general, could make our service unavailable or degraded or otherwise
hinder our ability to deliver our service. Service interruptions, errors in our software or the
unavailability of computer systems or data used in our operations could diminish the overall
attractiveness of our service to existing and potential members.
 9 
 Table of Contents 
Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are subject to constantly
evolving cybersecurity threats, including cyber-attacks such as computer viruses, malware,
ransomware, denial of service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, or insider threats, as well
as misconfigurations in information systems, networks, software or hardware, and similar disruptions
or errors. These systems periodically experience directed attacks intended to lead to interruptions
and delays in our service and operations as well as loss, misuse or theft of personal information (of
third parties, employees, and our members) and other data, confidential information or intellectual
property. We and many of the third parties we work with rely on open source software and libraries
that are integrated into a variety of applications, tools and systems, which may increase our
exposure to vulnerabilities. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to induce employees, vendors,
partners, or users to disclose sensitive or confidential information in order to gain access to data.
Any attempt by hackers to obtain our data (including member and corporate information) or
intellectual property (including digital content assets), disrupt our service, or otherwise access
our systems, or those of third parties we use, if successful, could harm our business, be expensive
to remedy and damage our reputation. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart
hackers and protect our data and systems. However, the techniques used to gain unauthorized access to
data and software are constantly evolving, and we may be unable to anticipate, detect or prevent
unauthorized access or address all cybersecurity incidents that occur. Because of our prominence, we
(and/or third parties we use) have been and may continue to be a particularly attractive target for
such attacks, and from time to time, we have experienced an unauthorized release of certain digital
content assets. However, to date these unauthorized releases have not had a material impact on our
service, systems or business. There is no assurance that hackers may not have a material impact on
our service or systems in the future. We do not carry insurance to cover expenses related to such
disruptions or unauthorized access. Efforts to prevent hackers from disrupting our service or
otherwise accessing our systems are expensive to develop, implement and maintain. These efforts
require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security
measures become more sophisticated, and may limit the functionality of or otherwise negatively impact
our service offering and systems. Any significant disruption to our service or access to our systems
could result in a loss of members and adversely affect our business and results of operation.
Further, a penetration of our systems or a third-party’s systems or other misappropriation or misuse
of personal information could subject us to business, regulatory, litigation and reputation risk,
which could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
We utilize our own communications and computer hardware systems located either in our facilities or
in that of a third-party provider. In addition, we utilize third-party “cloud” computing services in
connection with our business operations. We also utilize our own and third-party content delivery
networks to help us stream TV series, documentaries and feature films and offer games in high volume
to Netflix members over the internet. Problems faced by us or our third-party “cloud” computing or
other network providers, including technological or business-related disruptions, as well as
cybersecurity threats and regulatory interference, could adversely impact the experience of our
members.
We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service and any disruption of or
interference with our use of the Amazon Web Services operation would impact our operations and our
business would be adversely impacted.
Amazon Web Services (“AWS”) provides a distributed computing infrastructure platform for business
operations, or what is commonly referred to as a "cloud" computing service. We have architected our
software and computer systems so as to utilize data processing, storage capabilities and other
services provided by AWS. Currently, we run the vast majority of our computing on AWS. Given this,
along with the fact that we cannot easily switch our AWS operations to another cloud provider, any
disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations and our business would
be adversely impacted. While the retail side of Amazon competes with us, we do not believe that
Amazon will use the AWS operation in such a manner as to gain competitive advantage against our
service, although if it were to do so it could harm our business.
If the technology we use in operating our business fails, is unavailable, or does not operate to
expectations, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business. This
includes the technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers
as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members and their various consumer
electronic devices. For example, we have built and deployed our own content-delivery network (“CDN”).
To the extent Internet Service Providers (“ISPs”) do not interconnect with our CDN or charge us to
access their networks, or if we experience difficulties in our CDN’s operation, our ability to
efficiently and effectively deliver our streaming content to our members could be adversely impacted
and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Likewise, if our
recommendation and merchandising technology does not enable us to predict and recommend titles that
our members will enjoy, our ability to attract and retain members may be adversely affected. We also
utilize third-party technology to help market our service, process payments, and otherwise manage the
daily operations of our business. If our technology or that of third-parties we utilize in our
operations fails or otherwise operates improperly,
 10 
 Table of Contents 
including as a result of “bugs” or other errors in our development and deployment of software, our
ability to operate our service, retain existing members and add new members may be impaired. Any harm
to our members’ devices caused by software used in our operations could have an adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition.
Changes in how network operators handle and charge for access to data that travel across their
networks could adversely impact our business.
We rely upon the ability of consumers to access our service through the internet. If network
operators block, restrict or otherwise impair access to our service over their networks, our service
and business could be negatively affected. To the extent that network operators implement usage based
pricing, including meaningful bandwidth caps, or otherwise try to monetize access to their networks
by data providers, we could incur greater operating expenses and our member acquisition and retention
could be negatively impacted. Furthermore, to the extent network operators create tiers of internet
access service and either charge us for or prohibit us from being available through these tiers, our
business could be negatively impacted.
Most network operators that provide consumers with access to the internet also provide these
consumers with multichannel video programming. As such, many network operators have an incentive to
use their network infrastructure in a manner adverse to our continued growth and success. While we
believe that consumer demand, regulatory oversight and competition will help check these incentives,
to the extent that network operators are able to provide preferential treatment to their data as
opposed to ours or otherwise implement discriminatory network management practices, our business
could be negatively impacted. The extent to which these incentives limit operator behavior differs
across markets.
 Risks Related to Privacy 
Privacy concerns could limit our ability to collect and leverage member personal information and
disclosure of member personal information could adversely impact our business and reputation.
In the ordinary course of business and in particular in connection with content acquisition,
merchandising our service to our members and our ad-supported subscription plan, we collect and
utilize information supplied by our members, which may include personal information and other data.
We are subject to laws, rules and regulations in the U.S. and in other countries relating to privacy
and the collection, use and security of personal information, including but not limited to Regulation
(EU) 2016/679 (also known as the General Data Protection Regulation or “GDPR”) and the California
Privacy Rights Act ("CPRA"). Any actual or perceived failure to comply with the GDPR, the California
Consumer Privacy Act/CPRA, other data privacy laws or regulations, or related contractual or other
obligations, or any perceived privacy rights violation, could lead to investigations, claims, and
proceedings by governmental entities and private parties, damages for contract breach, and other
significant costs, penalties, and other liabilities, as well as harm to our reputation and market
position.
Other businesses have been criticized by privacy groups and governmental bodies for attempts to link
personal identities and other information to data collected on the internet regarding users’ browsing
and other habits. Increased regulation of data utilization practices, including self-regulation or
findings under existing laws that limit our ability to collect, transfer and use personal
information, could have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, if we were to disclose
personal information about our members in a manner that was objectionable to them, our business
reputation could be adversely affected, and we could face potential legal claims that could impact
our operating results. Internationally, we may become subject to additional and/or more stringent
legal obligations concerning our treatment of member and other personal information, such as laws
regarding data localization and/or restrictions on data export. Failure to comply with these
obligations could subject us to liability, and to the extent that we need to alter our business model
or practices to adapt to these obligations, we could incur additional expenses.
Our reputation and relationships with members would be harmed if member personal information,
particularly billing data, were to be accessed by unauthorized persons.
We maintain personal information regarding our members, including names, age, gender and billing
information. This personal information is maintained on our own systems as well as that of third
parties we use in our operations. With respect to billing information, such as credit card numbers,
we rely on encryption and authentication technology to secure such information. We take measures to
protect against unauthorized intrusion into our members’ information. Despite these measures and
technologies we, our payment processing services or other third-party services we use such as AWS,
could experience an unauthorized intrusion into our members’ information. In the event of such a
breach, current and potential members may become unwilling to provide the information to us necessary
for them to remain or become members. We also may be required to notify regulators about any actual
or perceived data breach (including various state Attorneys General, one or more EU data protection
authorities, or other data protection authorities) as well as the individuals who are affected by the
incident within strict time periods. Additionally, we could face legal claims or regulatory fines or
penalties for such a breach. The costs relating to any data breach could be material, and we
currently do not carry insurance against the risk of a data
 11 
 Table of Contents 
breach. We also maintain personal information concerning our employees, as well as personal
information of others working on our productions. Should an unauthorized intrusion into our members’
or employees’ personal information and/or production personal information occur, our business could
be adversely affected and our larger reputation with respect to data protection could be negatively
impacted.
 Risks Related to Liquidity 
The long-term and largely fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating
flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations.
In connection with licensing streaming content, we typically enter into multi-year commitments with
studios and other content providers. We also enter into multi-year commitments for content that we
produce, either directly or through third parties, including elements associated with these
productions such as non-cancelable commitments under talent agreements. The payment terms of these
agreements are not tied to member usage or the size of our membership base (“fixed cost”) but may be
determined by costs of production or tied to such factors as titles licensed and/or theatrical
exhibition receipts. Such commitments, to the extent estimable under accounting standards, are
included in the Contractual Obligations section of Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies
in the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8,
"Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Given the multiple-
year duration and largely fixed cost nature of content commitments, if business performance does not
meet our expectations, our margins may be adversely impacted. Further, we may be unable to react to
any reduction in our cash flows from operations, including those caused by a downturn in the economy,
by reducing our streaming content obligations in the near-term. Payment terms for certain content
commitments, such as content we directly produce, will typically require more up-front cash payments
than other content licenses or arrangements whereby we do not fund the production of such content. To
the extent membership and/or revenue growth do not meet our expectations, our liquidity and results
of operations could be adversely affected as a result of content commitments and accelerated payment
requirements of certain agreements. In addition, the long-term and largely fixed cost nature of our
content commitments may limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to changes in our business
and the market segments in which we operate. If we license and/or produce content that is not
favorably received by consumers in a territory, or is unable to be shown in a territory, acquisition
and retention may be adversely impacted and given the long-term and fixed cost nature of our content
commitments, we may not be able to adjust our content offerings quickly and our results of operations
may be adversely impacted.
We may seek additional capital that may result in stockholder dilution or that may have rights senior
to those of our common stockholders.
From time to time, we may seek to obtain additional capital, either through equity, equity-linked or
debt securities. For several years prior to 2020, our cash flows from operations were negative and to
the extent that it becomes negative in the future we may need to seek additional capital. The
decision to obtain additional capital will depend on, among other things, our business plans,
operating performance and condition of the capital markets. Rising interest rates or any disruption
in the capital markets could make it more difficult and expensive for us to raise additional capital
or refinance our existing indebtedness. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity,
equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences or privileges senior
to the rights of our common stock, and our stockholders may experience dilution. Any large equity or
equity-linked offering could also negatively impact our stock price.
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content
obligations, which could adversely affect our financial position, and we may not be able to generate
sufficient cash to service our debt and other obligations.
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content
obligations. Moreover, we may incur additional indebtedness in the future and incur other
obligations, including additional streaming content obligations. Our ability to make payments on our
debt and other obligations will depend on our financial and operating performance, which is subject
to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other
factors beyond our control. If we are unable to service our debt and other obligations from cash
flows, we may need to refinance or restructure all or a portion of such obligations prior to
maturity. If the financial markets become difficult or costly to access, including due to rising
interest rates, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates or other changes in economic
conditions, our ability to raise additional capital may be negatively impacted, and any refinancing
or restructuring could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous
covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. As of December 31, 2023, we had the
equivalent of $14.6 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes outstanding (“Notes”), some of
which is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, we have entered into a
revolving credit agreement that provides for a $1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. As of
December 31, 2023, we
 12 
 Table of Contents 
have not borrowed any amount under this revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2023, we had
approximately $7.0 billion of total content liabilities as reflected on our consolidated balance
sheet, some of which is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Such amount does not
include streaming content commitments that do not meet the criteria for liability recognition, the
amounts of which are significant. For more information on our streaming content obligations,
including those not on our consolidated balance sheet, see Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies in
the accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8,
"Financial Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our substantial
indebtedness and other obligations, including streaming content obligations, may:
• make it difficult for us to satisfy our financial obligations, including making scheduled principal
and interest payments on our Notes and our other obligations;
• limit our ability to borrow additional funds, if needed, for working capital, capital expenditures,
acquisitions or other general business purposes;
• increase our cost of borrowing;
• limit our ability to use our cash flow or obtain additional financing for future working capital,
capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general business purposes;
• require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to make debt service
payments and pay our other obligations when due;
• limit our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry;
• place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and
• increase our vulnerability to the impact of adverse economic and industry conditions, including
changes in interest rates and foreign exchange rates.
 Risks Related to International Operations 
We could be subject to economic, political, regulatory and other risks arising from our international
operations.
Operating in international markets requires significant resources and management attention and will
subject us to economic, political, regulatory and other risks that may be different from or
incremental to those in the U.S. In addition to the risks that we face in the U.S., our international
operations involve risks that could adversely affect our business, including:
• the need to adapt our content and user interfaces for specific cultural and language differences;
• difficulties and costs associated with staffing and managing foreign operations;
• political or social unrest, global hostilities, and economic instability;
• compliance with laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, UK Bribery Act and other anti-
corruption laws, export controls and economic sanctions, and local laws prohibiting corrupt payments
to government officials;
• difficulties in understanding and complying with local laws, regulations and customs in foreign
jurisdictions, including local ownership requirements for streaming content providers;
• regulatory requirements or government action against our service, whether in response to
enforcement of actual or purported legal and regulatory requirements or otherwise, that results in
disruption or non-availability of our service or particular content or increased operating costs in
the applicable jurisdiction;
• foreign intellectual property laws, such as the EU copyright directive, or changes to such laws,
among other issues, may impact the economics of creating or distributing content, anti-piracy
efforts, or our ability to protect or exploit intellectual property rights;
• adverse tax consequences such as those related to changes in tax laws or tax rates or their
interpretations, and the related application of judgment in determining our global provision for
income taxes, deferred tax assets or liabilities or other tax liabilities given the ultimate tax
determination is uncertain;
• fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which have and may continue to impact revenues and
expenses of our international operations and expose us to foreign currency exchange rate risk, and
while we use derivative instruments to hedge certain exposures to fluctuations in exchange rates, the
use of such hedging activities may not be effective in offsetting an adverse financial impact and may
introduce or heighten counterparty risk;
• rates of inflation;
• profit repatriation, currency control regulations and other restrictions on the transfer of funds;
• differing payment processing systems as well as consumer use and acceptance of electronic payment
methods, such as payment cards;
• new and different sources of competition;
 13 
 Table of Contents 
• censorship requirements that cause us to remove or edit popular content, leading to consumer
disappointment, brand tarnishment or dissatisfaction with our service;
• low usage and/or penetration of internet-connected consumer electronic devices;
• different and more stringent user protection, data protection, privacy and other laws, including
data localization and/or restrictions on data export, and local ownership requirements;
• availability of reliable broadband connectivity and wide area networks in targeted areas for
expansion;
• differing laws and consumer understanding/attitudes regarding the illegality of piracy;
• negative impacts from trade disputes; and
• implementation of regulations designed to stimulate the local production of film and TV series in
order to promote and preserve local culture and economic activity, including local content quotas,
investment obligations, and levies to support local film funds. For example, the European Union
revised its Audio Visual Media Services Directive in 2018 to require that European works comprise at
least thirty percent (30%) of media service providers’ catalogs, and to require prominence of those
works.
These and other factors may cause us to adjust our business plans, including expanding or ceasing
certain operations in certain countries, and the execution of our strategies. Our failure to manage
any of these risks successfully could harm our international operations and our overall business, and
results of our operations.
We are subject to taxation related risks in multiple jurisdictions.
We are a U.S.-based multinational company subject to tax in multiple U.S. and foreign tax
jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our global provision for income taxes,
deferred taxes and other tax liabilities and receivables, and in evaluating our tax positions and
other tax attributes on a worldwide basis. We are subject to the periodic examination of our domestic
and foreign tax returns by the IRS, state, local, and foreign tax authorities, some of whom are
challenging our tax positions. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes from these
examinations in determining the adequacy of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities.
We consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which may
require periodic adjustments and may not accurately forecast actual tax audit outcomes. If the
ultimate determination of income and other tax liabilities differ from the amounts recorded or
accrued, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely impacted.
Tax laws are regularly being re-examined and evaluated globally. New laws and interpretations of the
law are taken into account for financial statement purposes in the quarter or year that they become
applicable. Tax authorities are increasingly scrutinizing the tax positions of companies and we have
tax audits pending in several jurisdictions. The U.S. federal and state governments, countries in the
European Union, as well as a number of other countries and organizations such as the Organization for
Economic Cooperation and Development, are actively considering changes to existing tax laws that, if
enacted, could increase our tax obligations in jurisdictions where we do business. If U.S. or other
tax authorities change applicable tax laws or successfully challenge how or where our profits are
currently recognized, our overall taxes could increase, and our business, financial condition or
results of operations may be adversely impacted.
 Risks Related to Human Resources 
We may lose key employees or may be unable to hire qualified employees, and the failure to maintain
and improve our company culture may adversely affect our business.
We rely on the continued service of our senior management, including our Co-Chief Executive Officers,
Ted Sarandos and Greg Peters, our Executive Chairman, Reed Hastings, members of our executive team
and other key employees. In our industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for highly-
skilled business, product development, technical, creative and other personnel. If we experience high
executive turnover, fail to adapt our business practices to industry expectations, fail to implement
succession plans for key employees, encounter difficulties associated with the transition of members
of our management team, are not successful in recruiting new personnel or in retaining and motivating
existing personnel, in instilling our culture in new employees, or maintaining and improving our
culture as we grow, our operations may be disrupted, which could adversely affect our results of
operations.
Labor disputes may have an adverse effect on the Company’s business.
We and our partners, suppliers, and vendors engage writers, directors, actors, other talent, trade
employees and others who are subject to collective bargaining agreements in the motion picture
industry, both in the U.S. and internationally. Expiring collective bargaining agreements may be
renewed on terms that are unfavorable to us. If expiring collective bargaining agreements cannot be
renewed, affected unions have, and could in the future, take action in the form of strikes or work
stoppages. For example, the Writers Guild (“WGA”) and Screen Actors Guild (“SAG-AFTRA”) collective
bargaining
 14 
 Table of Contents 
agreements expired in 2023, and WGA members and the SAG-AFTRA members went on strike in May 2023 and
July 2023, respectively. Collective bargaining agreements with the I.A.T.S.E. representing
technicians and “behind the camera” crews as well as contracts with Teamster unions expire in
mid-2024. The WGA and SAG-AFTRA strikes as well as the recent resurgence of organized labor in the
United States may lead those workers to strike. Such work stoppages have resulted, and may in the
future result, in halted productions and delays in our ability to provide new content to our members.
Such actions, as well as higher costs or operating complexities in connection with these collective
bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could have an adverse effect on our business by
causing delays in production, added costs or by reducing profit margins, and our ability to provide
new content to our members could likewise be delayed or dropped.
 Risks Related to Our Stock Ownership 
Provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could discourage a takeover that
stockholders may consider favorable, although we have announced plans to modify some of these
provisions over time.
Our charter documents in their current form may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition
that a stockholder may consider favorable because they:
• authorize our board of directors, without stockholder approval, to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of
undesignated preferred stock;
• provide for a classified board of directors until our annual meeting of stockholders held in 2025;
• prohibit our stockholders from acting by written consent; and
• establish advance notice requirements for proposing matters to be approved by stockholders at
stockholder meetings.
As a Delaware corporation, we are also subject to certain Delaware anti-takeover provisions. Under
Delaware law, a corporation may not engage in a business combination with any holder of 15% or more
of its capital stock unless the holder has held the stock for three years or, among other things, the
board of directors has approved the transaction. Our board of directors could rely on Delaware law to
prevent or delay an acquisition of us.
In addition, a merger or acquisition may trigger retention payments to certain executive employees
under the terms of our Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Retention Incentive Plan, thereby
increasing the cost of such a transaction.
 Our stock price is volatile. 
The price at which our common stock has traded has fluctuated significantly. The price may continue
to be volatile due to a number of factors including the following, some of which are beyond our
control:
• variations in our operating results, including our membership acquisition and retention, revenues,
operating income, net income, net cash provided by operating activities and free cash flow;
• variations between our actual operating results and the expectations of securities analysts,
investors and the financial community;
• announcements of developments affecting our business, systems or expansion plans by us or others;
• competition, including the introduction of new competitors, their pricing strategies and services;
• market volatility in general;
• the level of demand for our stock, including the amount of short interest in our stock;
• the impact of our current stock repurchase program and any future stock repurchase program we may
adopt;
• the operating results of our competitors; and
• other risks and uncertainties described in these risk factors.
As a result of these and other factors, investors in our common stock may not be able to resell their
shares at or above their original purchase price.
Following certain periods of volatility in the market price of our securities, we became the subject
of securities litigation. We may experience more such litigation following future periods of
volatility. This type of litigation may result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s
attention and resources.
Preparing and forecasting our financial results requires us to make judgments and estimates which may
differ materially from actual results.
 15 
 Table of Contents 
Given the dynamic nature of our business, and the inherent limitations in predicting the future,
forecasts of our revenues, operating margins, net income and other financial and operating data may
differ materially from actual results. Also, predicting consumer adoption of various pricing
strategies, such as the ad-supported subscription plan or efforts to limit multi-household usage, and
new revenue streams, such as advertising revenue, is inherently difficult given the lack of operating
history with respect to such offerings, and actual results may differ significantly from the
expectations of our management, securities analysts or investors. Such discrepancies could cause a
decline in the trading price of our common stock. In addition, the preparation of consolidated
financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America also requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported
periods. We base such estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we
believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, but actual results may differ from these estimates.
For example, we estimate the content amortization pattern, beginning with the month of first
availability, of any particular licensed or produced television series, documentary or feature film
based upon various factors including historical and estimated viewing patterns. If actual viewing
patterns differ from these estimates, the pattern and/or period of amortization would be changed and
could affect the timing or recognition of content amortization. If we revise such estimates it could
result in greater in-period expenses, which could cause us to miss our earnings guidance or
negatively impact the results we report which could negatively impact our stock price. Further,
events outside of our control may cause actual results to differ from our forecast.
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Item 1B. │
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Unresolved Staff Comments │
None.
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Item 1C. │
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Cybersecurity │
We have an enterprise-wide information security program designed to identify, protect, detect and
respond to and manage reasonably foreseeable cybersecurity risks and threats. To protect our
information systems from cybersecurity threats, we use various security tools that help prevent,
identify, escalate, investigate, resolve and recover from identified vulnerabilities and security
incidents in a timely manner. These include, but are not limited to, internal reporting, monitoring
and detection tools, and a bug bounty program to allow security researchers to assist us in
identifying vulnerabilities in our products before they are exploited by malicious threat actors. We
also maintain a third party security program to identify, prioritize, assess, mitigate and remediate
third party risks; however, we rely on the third parties we use to implement security programs
commensurate with their risk, and we cannot ensure in all circumstances that their efforts will be
successful.
We regularly assess risks from cybersecurity and technology threats and monitor our information
systems for potential vulnerabilities. We use a widely-adopted risk quantification model to identify,
measure and prioritize cybersecurity and technology risks and develop related security controls and
safeguards. We conduct regular reviews and tests of our information security program and also
leverage audits by our internal audit team, tabletop exercises, penetration and vulnerability
testing, red team exercises, simulations, and other exercises to evaluate the effectiveness of our
information security program and improve our security measures and planning. We also engage an
external auditor to conduct an annual payment card industry data security standard review of our
security controls protecting payment information, as well as third-party penetration testing of our
cardholder environment and related systems. The results of these assessments are reported to the
Audit Committee.
Our systems periodically experience directed attacks intended to lead to interruptions and delays in
our service and operations as well as loss, misuse or theft of personal information (of third
parties, employees, and our members) and other data, confidential information or intellectual
property, and we have experienced an unauthorized release of certain digital content assets. However,
to date these incidents have not had a material impact on our service, systems or business. Any
significant disruption to our service or access to our systems could result in a loss of members and
adversely affect our business and results of operation. Further, a penetration of our systems or a
third-party’s systems or other misappropriation or misuse of personal information could subject us to
business, regulatory, litigation and reputation risk, which could have a negative effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. See "Risk Factors - Any significant
disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we
utilize in our operations, including those relating to cybersecurity or arising from cyber-attacks,
could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized access, disclosure or destruction of
data, including member and corporate information, or theft of intellectual property, including
digital content assets, which could adversely impact our business."
The Vice President of Security and Privacy Engineering leads our global information security
organization responsible for overseeing the Netflix information security program. Our VP of Security
and Privacy Engineering has over 30 years of industry experience, including serving in similar roles
leading and overseeing cybersecurity programs at other public companies. Team members who support our
information security program have relevant educational and industry experience,
 16 
 Table of Contents 
including holding similar positions at large technology companies. The teams provide regular reports
to senior management and other relevant teams on various cybersecurity threats, assessments and
findings.
The Board oversees our annual enterprise risk assessment, where we assess key risks within the
company, including security and technology risks and cybersecurity threats. The Audit Committee of
the Board oversees our cybersecurity risk and receives regular reports from our VP of Security and
Privacy Engineering on various cybersecurity matters, including risk assessments, mitigation
strategies, areas of emerging risks, incidents and industry trends, and other areas of importance.
 17 
 Table of Contents 
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Item 2. │
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Properties │
We have leased principal properties in both Los Gatos, California, which is the location of our
corporate headquarters, and in Los Angeles, California. In addition, we lease various office and
production space throughout the world.
We believe that our existing facilities are adequate to meet current requirements, and that suitable
additional or substitute space will be available as needed to accommodate any further physical
expansion of operations and for any additional offices.
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Item 3. │
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Legal Proceedings │
Information with respect to this item may be found in Note 8 Commitments and Contingencies in the
accompanying notes to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8, "Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data" of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, under the caption "Legal
Proceedings" which information is incorporated herein by reference.
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Item 4. │
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Mine Safety Disclosures │
Not applicable.
 18 
 Table of Contents