╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Item 1. Business. │
When used in this report, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “PepsiCo” and the “Company” mean PepsiCo, Inc.
and its consolidated subsidiaries, collectively. Certain terms used in this Annual Report on Form
10-K are defined in the Glossary included in Item 7. of this report.
 Company Overview 
We were incorporated in Delaware in 1919 and reincorporated in North Carolina in 1986. We are a
leading global beverage and convenient food company with a complementary portfolio of brands,
including Lay’s, Doritos, Cheetos, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Mountain Dew, Quaker and SodaStream. Through
our operations, authorized bottlers, contract manufacturers and other third parties, we make, market,
distribute and sell a wide variety of beverages and convenient foods, serving customers and consumers
in more than 200 countries and territories.
 Our Operations 
We are organized into seven reportable segments (also referred to as divisions), as follows:
1) Frito-Lay North America (FLNA), which includes our branded convenient food businesses in the
United States and Canada;
2) Quaker Foods North America (QFNA), which includes our branded convenient food businesses, such as
cereal, rice, pasta and other branded food, in the United States and Canada;
3) PepsiCo Beverages North America (PBNA), which includes our beverage businesses in the United
States and Canada;
4) Latin America (LatAm), which includes all of our beverage and convenient food businesses in Latin
America;
5) Europe, which includes all of our beverage and convenient food businesses in Europe;
 2 
Table of Contents
6) Africa, Middle East and South Asia (AMESA), which includes all of our beverage and convenient food
businesses in Africa, the Middle East and South Asia; and
7) Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region (APAC), which includes all of our
beverage and convenient food businesses in Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand, and China region.
 Frito-Lay North America 
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, FLNA makes, markets, distributes and sells
branded convenient foods. These foods include branded dips, Cheetos cheese-flavored snacks, Doritos
tortilla chips, Fritos corn chips, Lay’s potato chips, Ruffles potato chips and Tostitos tortilla
chips. FLNA’s branded products are sold to independent distributors and retailers. In addition,
FLNA’s joint venture with Strauss Group makes, markets, distributes and sells Sabra refrigerated dips
and spreads.
 Quaker Foods North America 
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, QFNA makes, markets, distributes and sells
branded convenient foods, which include cereals, rice, pasta and other branded products. QFNA’s
products include Cap’n Crunch cereal, Life cereal, Pearl Milling Company syrups and mixes, Quaker
Chewy granola bars, Quaker grits, Quaker oatmeal, Quaker rice cakes, Quaker Simply Granola and Rice-
A-Roni side dishes. QFNA’s branded products are sold to independent distributors and retailers.
 PepsiCo Beverages North America 
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, PBNA makes, markets and sells beverage
concentrates, fountain syrups and finished goods under various beverage brands including Aquafina,
Diet Mountain Dew, Diet Pepsi, Gatorade, Gatorade Zero, Mountain Dew, Pepsi and Propel. PBNA operates
its own bottling plants and distribution facilities and sells branded finished goods directly to
independent distributors and retailers. PBNA also sells concentrate and finished goods for our brands
to authorized and independent bottlers, who in turn sell our branded finished goods to independent
distributors and retailers in certain markets. PBNA also, either independently or in conjunction with
third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells ready-to-drink tea and coffee products through
joint ventures with Unilever (under the Lipton brand name) and Starbucks, respectively. Further, PBNA
manufactures and distributes certain brands licensed from Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., including Crush, Dr
Pepper and Schweppes, and certain juice brands licensed from Dole Food Company, Inc. and Ocean Spray
Cranberries, Inc. In 2022, PBNA began to distribute Hard MTN Dew, an alcoholic beverage manufactured
and owned by the Boston Beer Company. In the first quarter of 2022, we sold our Tropicana, Naked and
other select juice brands to PAI Partners, while retaining a 39% noncontrolling interest in a newly
formed joint venture, Tropicana Brands Group (TBG), operating across North America and Europe (Juice
Transaction). In the United States, PepsiCo acts as the exclusive distributor for TBG’s portfolio of
brands for small-format and foodservice customers with chilled direct-store-delivery (DSD). See Note
13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
 Latin America 
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, LatAm makes, markets, distributes and
sells a number of convenient food brands including Cheetos, Doritos, Emperador, Lay’s, Marias Gamesa,
Ruffles, Sabritas, Saladitas and Tostitos, as well as many Quaker-branded convenient foods. LatAm
also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and
sells beverage concentrates, fountain syrups and finished goods under various beverage brands
including 7UP, Diet 7UP, Gatorade, H2oh!, Manzanita Sol, Mirinda, Pepsi, Pepsi Black, San Carlos and
Toddy. These branded products are sold to authorized and independent bottlers, independent
distributors and retailers. LatAm
 3 
Table of Contents
also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and
sells ready-to-drink tea products through an international joint venture with Unilever (under the
Lipton brand name).
 Europe 
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, Europe makes, markets, distributes and
sells a number of convenient food brands including Cheetos, Doritos, Lay’s, Ruffles and Walkers, as
well as many Quaker-branded convenient foods, through consolidated businesses, as well as through
noncontrolled affiliates. Europe also, either independently or in conjunction with third parties,
makes, markets, distributes and sells beverage concentrates, fountain syrups and finished goods under
various beverage brands including 7UP, Diet Pepsi, Lubimy Sad, Mirinda, Pepsi and Pepsi Max. These
branded products are sold to authorized and independent bottlers, independent distributors and
retailers. In certain markets, however, Europe operates its own bottling plants and distribution
facilities. Europe also, as part of its beverage business, manufactures and distributes SodaStream
sparkling water makers and related products. Further, Europe makes, markets, distributes and sells a
number of dairy products including Agusha, Chudo and Domik v Derevne. Europe also, either
independently or in conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells ready-to-
drink tea products through an international joint venture with Unilever (under the Lipton brand
name). In the first quarter of 2022, we sold our Tropicana, Naked and other select juice brands to
PAI Partners, while retaining a 39% noncontrolling interest in TBG, operating across North America
and Europe. See Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
 Africa, Middle East and South Asia 
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, AMESA makes, markets, distributes and
sells a number of convenient food brands including Chipsy, Doritos, Kurkure, Lay’s, Sasko, Spekko and
White Star, as well as many Quaker-branded convenient foods, through consolidated businesses, as well
as through noncontrolled affiliates. AMESA also makes, markets, distributes and sells beverage
concentrates, fountain syrups and finished goods under various beverage brands including 7UP,
Aquafina, Mirinda, Mountain Dew and Pepsi. These branded products are sold to authorized and
independent bottlers, independent distributors and retailers. In certain markets, however, AMESA
operates its own bottling plants and distribution facilities. AMESA also, either independently or in
conjunction with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells ready-to-drink tea products
through an international joint venture with Unilever (under the Lipton brand name).
Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region
Either independently or in conjunction with third parties, APAC makes, markets, distributes and sells
a number of convenient food brands including BaiCaoWei, Cheetos, Doritos, Lay’s and Smith’s, as well
as many Quaker-branded convenient foods, through consolidated businesses, as well as through
noncontrolled affiliates. APAC also makes, markets, distributes and sells beverage concentrates,
fountain syrups and finished goods under various beverage brands including 7UP, Aquafina, Mirinda,
Mountain Dew, Pepsi and Sting. These branded products are sold to authorized and independent
bottlers, independent distributors and retailers. APAC also, either independently or in conjunction
with third parties, makes, markets, distributes and sells ready-to-drink tea products through an
international joint venture with Unilever (under the Lipton brand name).
 Our Distribution Network 
Our products are primarily brought to market through DSD, customer warehouse and distributor networks
and are also sold directly to consumers through e-commerce platforms and retailers. The distribution
system used depends on customer needs, product characteristics and local trade practices.
 4 
Table of Contents
 Direct-Store-Delivery 
We, our independent bottlers and our distributors operate DSD systems that deliver beverages and
convenient foods directly to retail stores where the products are merchandised by our employees or
our independent bottlers. DSD enables us to merchandise with maximum visibility and appeal. DSD is
especially well-suited to products that are restocked often and respond to in-store promotion and
merchandising.
 Customer Warehouse 
Some of our products are delivered from our manufacturing plants and distribution centers, both
company and third-party operated, to customer warehouses. These less costly systems generally work
best for products that are less fragile and perishable, and have lower turnover.
 Distributor Networks 
We distribute many of our products through third-party distributors. Third-party distributors are
particularly effective when greater distribution reach can be achieved by including a wide range of
products on the delivery vehicles. For example, our foodservice and vending business distributes
beverages and convenient foods to restaurants, businesses, schools and stadiums through third-party
foodservice and vending distributors and operators.
 E-commerce 
Our products are also available and sold directly to consumers on a growing number of company-owned
and third-party e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications.
 Ingredients and Other Supplies 
The principal ingredients we use in our beverage and convenient food products are aspartame, corn,
corn sweeteners, flavorings, flour, juice concentrates, oats, potatoes, raw milk, rice, seasonings,
sucralose, sugar, vegetable and essential oils, and wheat. We also use water in the manufacturing of
our products. Our key packaging materials include plastic resins, including polyethylene
terephthalate (PET) and polypropylene resins used for plastic beverage bottles and film packaging
used for convenient foods, aluminum, glass, closures, cardboard and paperboard cartons. In addition,
we continue to integrate recyclability into our product development process and support the increased
use of recycled content, including recycled PET, in our packaging. Fuel, electricity and natural gas
are also important commodities for our businesses due to their use in our and our business partners’
facilities and the vehicles delivering our products. We employ specialists to secure adequate
supplies of many of these items and have not experienced any significant continuous shortages that
would prevent us from meeting our requirements. Many of these ingredients, raw materials and
commodities are purchased in the open market. The prices we pay for such items are subject to
fluctuation, and we manage this risk through the use of fixed-price contracts and purchase orders,
pricing agreements and derivative instruments, including swaps and futures. In addition, risk to our
supply of certain raw materials is mitigated through purchases from multiple geographies and
suppliers. When prices increase, we may or may not pass on such increases to our customers. In
addition, we continue to make investments to improve the sustainability and resources of our
agricultural supply chain, including the development of our initiative to advance sustainable farming
practices by our suppliers and expanding it further globally. During 2022, we continued to experience
increased commodity, packaging and other input costs and, in some instances, supply constraints
related to the deadly conflict in Ukraine, the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic, the
inflationary cost environment, adverse weather conditions, supply chain disruptions and labor
shortages, which has continued into fiscal 2023. See Note 9 to our consolidated financial statements
for further information on how we manage our exposure to commodity prices.
We also maintain voluntary supply chain finance agreements with several participating global
financial institutions, pursuant to which our suppliers, at their sole discretion, may elect to sell
their accounts receivable with PepsiCo to such global financial institutions. These agreements did
not have a material
 5 
Table of Contents
impact on our business or financial results. See “Our Financial Results – Our Liquidity and Capital
Resources” in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” for further information.
 Our Brands and Intellectual Property Rights 
We own numerous valuable trademarks which are essential to our worldwide businesses, including
Agusha, Amp Energy, Aquafina, Aquafina Flavorsplash, Arto Lifewtr, Baja Blast, BaiCaoWei, Bare,
Bokomo, bubly, Cap’n Crunch, Ceres, Cheetos, Chester’s, Chipsy, Chokis, Chudo, Cracker Jack, Crunchy,
Diet Mountain Dew, Diet Mug, Diet Pepsi, Diet 7UP (outside the United States), Domik v Derevne,
Doritos, Driftwell, Duyvis, Elma Chips, Emperador, Evolve, Frito-Lay, Fritos, Fruktovy Sad, G2,
Gamesa, Gatorade, Gatorade Fit, Gatorade Zero, Gatorlyte, Grandma’s, H2oh!, Hard MTN Dew, Health
Warrior, Imunele, J7, Kas, Kurkure, Lay’s, Life, Lifewtr, Liquifruit, Lubimy, Manzanita Sol, Marias
Gamesa, Matutano, Mirinda, Miss Vickie’s, Moirs, Mother’s, Mountain Dew, Mountain Dew Code Red,
Mountain Dew Game Fuel, Mountain Dew Kickstart, Mountain Dew Zero Sugar, MTN Dew Energy, Mug,
Munchies, Muscle Milk, Near East, Off the Eaten Path, Paso de los Toros, Pasta Roni, Pearl Milling
Company, Pepsi, Pepsi Black, Pepsi Max, Pepsi Zero Sugar, PopCorners, Pronutro, Propel, Quaker,
Quaker Chewy, Quaker Simply Granola, Rice-A-Roni, Rockstar Energy, Rold Gold, Ruffles, Sabritas,
Safari, Sakata, Saladitas Gamesa, San Carlos, Sandora, Santitas, Sasko, 7UP (outside the United
States), 7UP Free (outside the United States), Sierra Mist, Sierra Mist Zero Sugar, Simba, Smartfood,
Smith’s, Snack a Jacks, SoBe, SodaStream, Sonric’s, Spekko, Stacy’s, Starry, Sting, Stubborn Soda,
SunChips, Toddy, Toddynho, Tostitos, V Water, Vesely Molochnik, Walkers, Weetbix, White Star, Ya and
Yachak. We also hold long-term licenses to use valuable trademarks in connection with our products in
certain markets, including Ocean Spray. We also distribute Celsius energy drinks and various Keurig
Dr Pepper Inc. brands, including Dr Pepper in certain markets, Crush and Schweppes. Joint ventures in
which we have an ownership interest either own or have the right to use certain trademarks, such as
Lipton, Sabra and Starbucks. In addition, in the first quarter of 2022, we sold our Tropicana, Naked
and other select juice brands to PAI Partners, while retaining a 39% noncontrolling interest in TBG,
operating across North America and Europe. In the United States, PepsiCo acts as the exclusive
distributor for TBG’s portfolio of brands for small-format and foodservice customers with chilled
DSD. See Note 13 to our consolidated financial statements for further information. In 2022, we began
to distribute Hard MTN Dew, an alcoholic beverage manufactured and owned by the Boston Beer Company.
We have licensed the use of the Hard MTN Dew trademark to the Boston Beer Company, which has
appointed us as their distributor for this product. Trademarks remain valid so long as they are used
properly for identification purposes, and we emphasize correct use of our trademarks. We have
authorized, through licensing arrangements, the use of many of our trademarks in such contexts as
convenient food joint ventures and beverage bottling appointments. In addition, we license the use of
our trademarks on merchandise that is sold at retail, which enhances brand awareness.
We either own or have licenses to use a number of patents which relate to certain of our products,
their packaging, the processes for their production and the design and operation of various equipment
used in our businesses. Some of these patents are licensed to others.
 Seasonality 
Our businesses are affected by seasonal variations. Our beverage and convenient food sales are
generally highest in the third quarter due to seasonal and holiday-related patterns and generally
lowest in the first quarter. However, taken as a whole, seasonality has not had a material impact on
our consolidated financial results.
 6 
Table of Contents
 Our Customers 
Our customers include wholesale and other distributors, foodservice customers, grocery stores, drug
stores, convenience stores, discount/dollar stores, mass merchandisers, membership stores, hard
discounters, e-commerce retailers and authorized independent bottlers, among others. We normally
grant our independent bottlers exclusive contracts to sell and manufacture certain beverage products
bearing our trademarks within a specific geographic area. These arrangements provide us with the
right to charge our independent bottlers for concentrate, finished goods and Aquafina royalties and
specify the manufacturing process required for product quality. We also grant distribution rights to
our independent bottlers for certain beverage products bearing our trademarks for specified
geographic areas.
We rely on and provide financial incentives to our customers to assist in the distribution and
promotion of our products to the consumer. For our independent distributors and retailers, these
incentives include volume-based rebates, product placement fees, promotions and displays. For our
independent bottlers, these incentives are referred to as bottler funding and are negotiated annually
with each bottler to support a variety of trade and consumer programs, such as consumer incentives,
advertising support, new product support, and vending and cooler equipment placement. Consumer
incentives include pricing discounts and promotions, and other promotional offers. Advertising
support is directed at advertising programs and supporting independent bottler media. New product
support includes targeted consumer and retailer incentives and direct marketplace support, such as
point-of-purchase materials, product placement fees, media and advertising. Vending and cooler
equipment placement programs support the acquisition and placement of vending machines and cooler
equipment. The nature and type of programs vary annually.
Changes to the retail landscape, including increased consolidation of retail ownership, the continued
growth of sales through e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, including through
subscription services and other direct-to-consumer businesses, the integration of physical and
digital operations among retailers, as well as the international expansion of hard discounters, and
the current economic environment continue to increase the importance of major customers. In 2022,
sales to Walmart Inc. (Walmart) and its affiliates, including Sam’s Club (Sam’s), represented
approximately 14% of our consolidated net revenue, with sales reported across all of our divisions,
including concentrate sales to our independent bottlers, which were used in finished goods sold by
them to Walmart. The loss of this customer would have a material adverse effect on our FLNA, QFNA and
PBNA divisions.
 Our Competition 
Our beverage and convenient food products are in highly competitive categories and markets and
compete against products of international beverage and convenient food companies that, like us,
operate in multiple geographies, as well as regional, local and private label manufacturers and
economy brands and other competitors, including smaller companies developing and selling micro brands
directly to consumers through e-commerce platforms or through retailers focused on locally-sourced
products. In many countries in which our products are sold, including the United States, The Coca-
Cola Company is our primary beverage competitor. Other beverage and convenient food competitors
include, but are not limited to, Campbell Soup Company, Conagra Brands, Inc., Hormel Foods
Corporation, Kellogg Company, Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., The Kraft Heinz Company, Link Snacks, Inc.,
Mondelēz International, Inc., Monster Beverage Corporation, Nestlé S.A., Red Bull GmbH and Utz
Brands, Inc.
Many of our convenient food products hold significant leadership positions in the convenient food
industry in the United States and worldwide. In 2022, we and The Coca-Cola Company represented
approximately 20% and 21%, respectively, of the U.S. liquid refreshment beverage category by
estimated retail sales in measured channels, according to Information Resources, Inc. However, The
Coca-Cola Company has significant carbonated soft drink (CSD) share advantage in many markets outside
the United States.
 7 
Table of Contents
Our beverage and convenient food products compete primarily on the basis of brand recognition and
loyalty, taste, price, value, quality, product variety, innovation, distribution, advertising,
marketing and promotional activity (including digital), packaging, convenience, service and the
ability to anticipate and effectively respond to consumer preferences and trends, including increased
consumer focus on health and wellness and sustainability and the continued acceleration of e-commerce
and other methods of distributing and purchasing products. Success in this competitive environment is
dependent on effective promotion of existing products, effective introduction of new products and
reformulations of existing products, increased efficiency in production techniques, effective
incorporation of technology and digital tools across all areas of our business, the effectiveness of
our advertising campaigns, marketing programs, product packaging and pricing, new vending and
dispensing equipment and brand and trademark development and protection. We believe that the strength
of our brands, innovation and marketing, coupled with the quality of our products and flexibility of
our distribution network, allows us to compete effectively.
 Research and Development 
We engage in a variety of research and development activities and invest in innovation globally with
the goal of meeting the needs of our customers and consumers and accelerating growth. These
activities principally involve: innovations focused on creating consumer preferred products to grow
and transform our portfolio through development of new technologies, ingredients, flavors and
substrates; development and improvement of our manufacturing processes, including reductions in cost
and environmental footprint; implementing product improvements to our global portfolio that reduce
added sugars, sodium or saturated fat; offering more products with functional ingredients and
positive nutrition including whole grains, fruit, vegetables, dairy, protein, fiber, micronutrients
and hydration; development of packaging technology and new package designs, including reducing the
amount of plastic in our packaging and developing recyclable, compostable, biodegradable or otherwise
sustainable packaging; development of marketing, merchandising and dispensing equipment; further
expanding our beyond the bottle portfolio including innovation for our SodaStream business;
investments in technology and digitalization, including artificial intelligence and data analytics to
enhance our consumer insights and research; continuing to strengthen our omnichannel capabilities,
particularly in e-commerce; and efforts focused on reducing our impact on the environment, including
reducing water use in our operations and our agricultural practices and reducing our environmental
impact in our operations throughout our value chain.
Our research centers are located around the world, including in Brazil, China, India, Ireland,
Mexico, Russia, South Africa, the United Kingdom and the United States, and leverage consumer
insights, food science and engineering to meet our strategy to continually innovate our portfolio of
beverages and convenient foods.
 Regulatory Matters 
The conduct of our businesses, including the production, storage, distribution, sale, display,
advertising, marketing, labeling, content, quality, safety, transportation, packaging, disposal,
recycling and use of our products, as well as our employment and occupational health and safety
practices and protection of personal information, are subject to various laws and regulations
administered by federal, state and local governmental agencies in the United States, as well as to
laws and regulations administered by government entities and agencies in the more than 200 other
countries and territories in which our products are made, manufactured, distributed or sold. It is
our policy to abide by the laws and regulations around the world that apply to our businesses.
The U.S. laws and regulations that we are subject to include, but are not limited to: the Federal
Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and various state laws governing food safety; the Food Safety
Modernization Act; the Occupational Safety and Health Act and various state laws and regulations
governing workplace health
 8 
Table of Contents
and safety; various federal, state and local environmental protection laws, as discussed below; the
Federal Motor Carrier Safety Act; the Federal Trade Commission Act; the Lanham Act; various federal
and state laws and regulations governing competition and trade practices, including the Robinson-
Patman Act and the Clayton Act; various federal and state laws and regulations governing our
employment practices, including those related to equal employment opportunity, such as the Equal
Employment Opportunity Act and the National Labor Relations Act and those related to overtime
compensation, such as the Fair Labor Standards Act; various state and federal laws pertaining to sale
and distribution of alcohol beverages; data privacy and personal data protection laws and
regulations, including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as modified by the California
Privacy Rights Act); customs and foreign trade laws and regulations, including laws regarding the
import or export of our products or ingredients used in our products and tariffs; laws regulating the
sale of certain of our products in schools; laws regulating the ingredients or substances contained
in, or attributes of, our products; laws regulating our supply chain, including the 2010 California
Transparency in Supply Chains Act and laws relating to the payment of taxes. We are also required to
comply with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement
Act. We are also subject to various state and local statutes and regulations, including state
consumer protection laws such as Proposition 65 in California, which requires that a specific warning
appear on any product that contains a substance listed by the State of California as having been
found to cause cancer or birth defects, unless the amount of such substance in the product is below a
safe harbor level.
We are subject to numerous similar and other laws and regulations outside the United States,
including but not limited to laws and regulations governing food safety, international trade and
tariffs, supply chains, including the U.K. Modern Slavery Act, occupational health and safety,
competition, anti-corruption and data privacy, including the European Union General Data Protection
Regulation. In many jurisdictions, compliance with competition laws is of special importance to us
due to our competitive position in those jurisdictions, as is compliance with anti-corruption laws,
including the U.K. Bribery Act. We rely on legal and operational compliance programs, as well as in-
house and outside counsel and other experts, to guide our businesses in complying with the laws and
regulations around the world that apply to our businesses.
In addition, certain jurisdictions have either imposed, or are considering imposing, new or increased
taxes on the manufacture, distribution or sale of our products, ingredients or substances contained
in, or attributes of, our products or commodities used in the production of our products. These taxes
vary in scope and form: some apply to all beverages, including non-caloric beverages, while others
apply only to beverages with a caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). Similarly, some measures apply a
single tax rate per ounce/liter on beverages containing over a certain level of added sugar (or other
sweetener) while others apply a graduated tax rate depending upon the amount of added sugar (or other
sweetener) in the beverage and some apply a flat tax rate on beverages containing a particular
substance or ingredient, regardless of the level of such substance or ingredient.
In addition, certain jurisdictions have either imposed, or are considering imposing, product labeling
or warning requirements or other limitations on the marketing or sale of certain of our products as a
result of ingredients or substances contained in such products or the audience to whom products are
marketed. These types of provisions have required that we highlight perceived concerns about a
product, warn consumers to avoid consumption of certain ingredients or substances present in our
products, restrict the age of consumers to whom products are marketed or sold or limit the location
in which our products may be available. It is possible that similar or more restrictive requirements
may be proposed or enacted in the future.
In addition, certain jurisdictions have either imposed or are considering imposing regulations
designed to increase recycling rates, encourage waste reduction or to restrict the sale of products
utilizing certain packaging. These regulations vary in scope and form from deposit return systems
designed to incentivize
 9 
Table of Contents
the return of beverage containers, to extended producer responsibility policies and even restrictions
or bans on the use of certain types of packaging, including single-use plastics and packaging
containing per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS). It is possible that similar or more
restrictive requirements may be proposed or enacted in the future.
We are also subject to national and local environmental laws in the United States and in foreign
countries in which we do business, including laws related to water consumption and treatment,
wastewater discharge and air emissions. In the United States, we are subject to the Clean Air Act,
the Clean Water Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act, the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and other federal, state and local laws and regulations
regarding handling, storage, release and disposal of wastes generated onsite and sent to third-party
owned and operated offsite licensed facilities. Our operations outside the United States are subject
to similar laws and regulations. In addition, continuing concern over environmental, social and
governance matters, including climate change, is expected to continue to result in new or increased
legal and regulatory requirements (in or outside of the United States) to reduce emissions to
mitigate the potential effects of greenhouse gases, to limit or impose additional costs on commercial
water use due to local water scarcity concerns or to expand mandatory reporting of certain
environmental, social and governance metrics. Our policy is to abide by all applicable environmental
laws and regulations, and we have internal programs in place with respect to our global environmental
compliance. We have made, and plan to continue making, necessary expenditures for compliance with
applicable environmental laws and regulations and to achieve our sustainability goals. While these
expenditures have not had a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of
operations to date, changes in environmental compliance requirements, and expenditures necessary to
comply with such requirements or to achieve our sustainability goals, could adversely affect our
financial performance. In addition, we and our subsidiaries are subject to environmental remediation
obligations arising in the normal course of business, as well as remediation and related
indemnification obligations in connection with certain historical activities and contractual
obligations, including those of businesses or properties acquired by us or our subsidiaries. While
these environmental remediation and indemnification obligations cannot be predicted with certainty,
such obligations have not had, and are not expected to have, a material impact on our capital
expenditures, earnings or competitive position.
In addition to the discussion in this section, see also “Item 1A. Risk Factors.”
 Human Capital 
PepsiCo believes that human capital management, including attracting, developing and retaining a high
quality workforce, is critical to our long-term success. Our Board of Directors (Board) and its
Committees provide oversight on a broad range of human capital management topics, including corporate
culture, diversity, equity and inclusion, pay equity, health and safety, training and development and
compensation and benefits.
We employed approximately 315,000 people worldwide as of December 31, 2022, including approximately
132,000 people within the United States. We are party to numerous collective bargaining agreements
and believe that relations with our employees are generally good.
Protecting the safety, health, and well-being of our associates around the world is PepsiCo’s top
priority. We strive to achieve an injury-free work environment. We also continue to invest in
emerging technologies to protect our employees from injuries, including leveraging fleet telematics
and distracted driving technology, resulting in reductions in road traffic incidents, and deploying
ergonomic and machine safety risk reduction solutions. In addition, throughout the COVID-19 pandemic,
we have remained focused on the health and safety of our associates, especially our frontline
associates who continue to make, move and sell our products during this critical time, including by
continuing to implement various safety protocols in our facilities, providing personal protective
equipment and enabling testing. We are
 10 
Table of Contents
also focused on the safety of our associates in Ukraine and have provided humanitarian aid, goods and
services to support our people and communities facing the ongoing deadly conflict.
We believe that our culture of diversity, equity and inclusion is a competitive advantage that fuels
innovation, enhances our ability to attract and retain talent and strengthens our reputation. We
continually strive to improve the attraction, retention, and advancement of diverse associates to
ensure we sustain a high-caliber pipeline of talent that also represents the communities we serve. As
of December 31, 2022, our global workforce was approximately 27% female, while management roles were
approximately 44% female. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 48% of our U.S. workforce was
comprised of racially/ethnically diverse individuals, of which approximately 33% of our U.S.
associates in managerial roles were racially/ethnically diverse individuals. The Board has overseen
appointments of current direct reports of our Chief Executive Officer, who include 7 executives
globally who are racially/ethnically diverse and/or female.
We are also committed to the continued growth and development of our associates. PepsiCo supports and
develops its associates through a variety of global training and development programs that build and
strengthen employees' leadership and professional skills, including career development plans,
mentoring programs and in-house learning opportunities, such as PEP U Degreed, our internal global
online learning resource. In 2022, PepsiCo employees completed over 1 million hours of training.
 Available Information 
We are required to file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC maintains an Internet site that
contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC at http://www.sec.gov .
Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, proxy
statements and amendments to those documents filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), are also available free of charge on
our Internet site at http://www.pepsico.com as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are
electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC.
Investors should note that we currently announce material information to our investors and others
using filings with the SEC, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts or our corporate
website ( www.pepsico.com ), including news and announcements regarding our financial performance,
key personnel, our brands and our business strategy. Information that we post on our corporate
website could be deemed material to investors. We encourage investors, the media, our customers,
consumers, business partners and others interested in us to review the information we post on these
channels. We may from time to time update the list of channels we will use to communicate information
that could be deemed material and will post information about any such change on www.pepsico.com .
The information on our website is not, and shall not be deemed to be, a part hereof or incorporated
into this or any of our other filings with the SEC.
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Item 1A. Risk Factors. │
The following risks, some of which have occurred and any of which may occur in the future, can have a
material adverse effect on our business or financial performance, which in turn can affect the price
of our publicly traded securities. These are not the only risks we face. There may be other risks we
are not currently aware of or that we currently deem not to be material but that may become material
in the future.
 11 
Table of Contents
 Business Risks 
Risks associated with the deadly conflict in Ukraine
The deadly conflict in Ukraine has continued to result in worldwide geopolitical and macroeconomic
uncertainty and certain of our operations in Ukraine remain suspended. The conflict has resulted and
could continue to result in volatile commodity markets, supply chain disruptions, increased risk of
cyber incidents or other disruptions to our information systems, reputational risk, heightened risks
to employee safety, business disruptions (including labor shortages), significant volatility of the
Russian ruble, limitations on access to credit markets and other corporate banking services,
including working capital facilities, reduced availability and increased costs for transportation,
energy, packaging and raw materials and other input costs, environmental, health and safety risks
related to securing and maintaining facilities, additional sanctions, export controls and other
legislation or regulations (including restrictions on the transfer of funds to and from Russia). The
ongoing conflict could result in the temporary or permanent loss of assets or result in additional
impairment charges. We cannot predict how and the extent to which the conflict will continue to
affect our employees, operations, customers, consumers or business partners or our ability to achieve
certain of our sustainability goals. The conflict has adversely affected and could continue to
adversely affect demand for our products and our global business.
Reduction in future demand for our products would adversely affect our business.
Demand for our products depends in part on our ability to innovate and anticipate and effectively
respond to shifts in consumer trends and preferences, including the types of products our consumers
want and how they browse for, purchase and consume them. Consumer preferences continuously evolve due
to a variety of factors, including: changes in consumer demographics, consumption patterns and
channel preferences (including continued increases in the e-commerce and online-to-offline channels);
pricing; product quality; concerns or perceptions regarding packaging and its environmental impact
(such as single-use and other plastic packaging); and concerns or perceptions regarding the nutrition
profile and health effects of, or location of origin of, ingredients or substances in our products or
packaging, including due to the results of third-party studies (whether or not scientifically valid).
Concerns with any of the foregoing could lead consumers to reduce or publicly boycott the purchase or
consumption of our products. Pandemics, epidemics or other disease outbreaks, such as COVID-19, have
also impacted and could continue to impact consumer preferences and demand for our products. Consumer
preferences are also influenced by perception of our brand image or the brand images of our products,
the success of our advertising and marketing campaigns, our ability to engage with our consumers in
the manner they prefer, including through the use of digital media or assets, and the perception of
our use, the use of social media and our response to political and social issues or catastrophic
events. These and other factors have reduced in the past and could continue to reduce consumers’
willingness to purchase certain of our products. Any inability on our part to anticipate or react to
changes in consumer preferences and trends, or make the right strategic investments to do so,
including investments in data analytics to understand consumer trends, can lead to reduced demand for
our products, lead to inventory write-offs or erode our competitive and financial position, thereby
adversely affecting our business. In addition, our business operations, including our supply chain,
are subject to disruption by natural disasters, pandemics, epidemics or other events beyond our
control that could negatively impact product availability and decrease demand for our products if our
crisis management plans do not effectively mitigate these issues.
Damage to our reputation or brand image can adversely affect our business.
Maintaining a positive reputation globally is critical to selling our products. Our reputation or
brand image has in the past been, and could in the future be, adversely impacted by a variety of
factors, including: any failure by us or our business partners to maintain high ethical, business and
environmental, social and governance practices, including with respect to human rights, child labor
laws, diversity, equity and
 12 
Table of Contents
inclusion, workplace conditions and employee health and safety; any failure, or perception of a
failure, to achieve our environmental, social and governance goals, including with respect to the
nutrition profile of our products, diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives, packaging, water use
and our impact on the environment; any failure to address health or other concerns about our
products, products we distribute (including alcoholic beverages), or particular ingredients in our
products, including concerns regarding whether certain of our products contribute to obesity or an
increase in public health costs; our research and development efforts; any product quality or safety
issues, including the recall of any of our products; any failure to comply with laws and regulations;
consumer perception of our advertising campaigns, sponsorship arrangements, marketing programs, use
of social media and our response to political and social issues or catastrophic events; or any
failure to effectively respond to negative or inaccurate comments about us on social media or
otherwise regarding any of the foregoing. Damage to our reputation or brand image has in the past and
could in the future decrease demand for our products, thereby adversely affecting our business.
Product recalls or other issues or concerns with respect to product quality and safety can adversely
affect our business.
We have and could in the future recall products due to product quality or safety issues, including
actual or alleged mislabeling, misbranding, spoilage, undeclared allergens, adulteration or
contamination. Joint ventures in which we have an interest have also recalled, and could in the
future recall, products for the same or other reasons. Product recalls have in the past and could in
the future adversely affect our business by resulting in losses due to their cost, the destruction of
product inventory or lost sales due to any unavailability of the product for a period of time. In
addition, product quality or safety issues, whether as a result of failure to comply with food safety
laws or otherwise, have in the past and could in the future also reduce consumer confidence and
demand for our products, cause production and delivery disruptions, and result in increased costs
(including payment of fines and/or judgments) and damage our reputation (or the reputation of joint
ventures in which we have an interest), particularly as we or our joint ventures continue to expand
into new categories, such as the distribution of alcoholic beverages, all of which can adversely
affect our business. Failure to maintain adequate oversight over product quality or safety can result
in product recalls, litigation, government investigations or inquiries or civil or criminal
proceedings, all of which may result in fines, penalties, damages or criminal liability. Our business
can also be adversely affected if consumers lose confidence in product quality, safety and integrity
generally, even if such loss of confidence is unrelated to products in our portfolio.
Any inability to compete effectively can adversely affect our business.
Our products compete against products of international beverage and convenient food companies that,
like us, operate in multiple geographies, as well as regional, local and private label and economy
brand manufacturers and other competitors, including smaller companies developing and selling micro
brands directly to consumers through e-commerce platforms or through retailers focused on locally
sourced products. In many countries in which our products are sold, including the United States, The
Coca-Cola Company is our primary beverage competitor. Our products compete primarily on the basis of
brand recognition and loyalty, taste, price, value, quality, product variety, innovation,
distribution, advertising, marketing and promotional activity, packaging, convenience, service and
the ability to anticipate and effectively respond to consumer preferences and trends. Our business
can be adversely affected if we are unable to effectively promote or develop our existing products or
introduce and effectively market new products, if we are unable to effectively adopt new
technologies, including artificial intelligence and data analytics to develop new commercial insights
and improve operating efficiencies, if we are unable to continuously strengthen and evolve our
capabilities in digital marketing, if our competitors spend more aggressively than we do or if we are
otherwise unable to effectively respond to supply disruptions, pricing pressure (including as a
result of commodity inflation) or otherwise compete effectively, and we may be
 13 
Table of Contents
unable to grow or maintain sales or category share or we may need to increase capital, marketing or
other expenditures.
Failure to attract, develop and maintain a highly skilled and diverse workforce or effectively manage
changes in our workforce can have an adverse effect on our business.
Our business requires that we attract, develop and maintain a highly skilled and diverse workforce.
Our employees are highly sought after by our competitors and other companies and our continued
ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate highly
skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Our ability to do so has been and may continue
to be impacted by challenges in the labor market, which has experienced and may continue to
experience wage inflation, labor shortages, increased employee turnover, changes in availability of
our workforce and a shift toward remote work. Any unplanned turnover, sustained labor shortage or
unsuccessful implementation of our succession plans to backfill current leadership positions,
including the Chief Executive Officer, or failure to attract, develop and maintain a highly skilled
and diverse workforce, including with key capabilities such as e-commerce and digital marketing and
data analytic skills, can deplete our institutional knowledge base, erode our competitive advantage
or result in increased costs due to increased competition for employees, higher employee turnover or
increased employee benefit costs. In addition, failure to attract, retain and develop associates from
underrepresented communities can damage our business results and our reputation. Any of the foregoing
can adversely affect our business.
 Water scarcity can adversely affect our business. 
We and our business partners use water in the manufacturing of our products. Water is also essential
to the production of the raw materials needed in our manufacturing process. Lack of available water
of acceptable quality, actions by governmental and non-governmental organizations, investors,
customers and consumers on water scarcity and increasing pressure to conserve and replenish water in
areas of scarcity and stress, including due to the effects of climate change, can lead to: supply
chain disruption; adverse effects on our operations or the operations of our business partners;
higher compliance costs; increased capital expenditures (including investments in the development of
technologies to enhance water efficiency and reduce consumption); higher production costs, including
less favorable pricing for water; the interruption or cessation of operations at, or relocation of,
our facilities or the facilities of our business partners; failure to achieve our goals relating to
water use; perception of our failure to act responsibly with respect to water use or to effectively
respond to legal or regulatory requirements concerning water scarcity; or damage to our reputation,
any of which can adversely affect our business.
Changes in the retail landscape or in sales to any key customer can adversely affect our business.
The retail landscape continues to evolve, including continued growth in e-commerce channels and hard
discounters. Our business will be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain and develop
successful relationships with e-commerce retailers and hard discounters, while also maintaining
relationships with our key customers operating in traditional retail channels (many of whom are also
focused on increasing their e-commerce sales). Our business can be adversely affected if e-commerce
channels and hard discounters take significant additional market share away from traditional
retailers or we fail to find ways to create increasingly better digital tools and capabilities for
our retail customers to enable them to grow their businesses. In addition, our business can be
adversely affected if we are unable to profitably expand our own direct-to-consumer e-commerce
capabilities. The retail industry is also impacted by increased consolidation of ownership and
purchasing power, particularly in North America, Europe and Latin America, resulting in large
retailers or buying groups with increased purchasing power, impacting our ability to compete in these
areas. Consolidation also adversely impacts our smaller customers’ ability to compete effectively,
resulting in an inability on their part to pay for our products or reduced or canceled orders of our
products. Further, we must maintain mutually beneficial relationships with our key
 14 
Table of Contents
customers, including Walmart, to compete effectively. Any inability to resolve a significant dispute
with any of our key customers, a change in the business condition (financial or otherwise) of any of
our key customers, even if unrelated to us, a significant reduction in sales to any key customer, or
the loss of any of our key customers can adversely affect our business.
Disruption of our manufacturing operations or supply chain, including continued increased commodity,
packaging, transportation, labor and other input costs, can adversely affect our business.
We have experienced and could continue to experience disruption in our manufacturing operations and
supply chain. Many of the raw materials and supplies used in the production of our products are
sourced from countries experiencing civil unrest, political instability or unfavorable economic
conditions. Some raw materials and supplies, including packaging materials, are available only from a
limited number of suppliers or from a sole supplier or are in short supply when seasonal demand is at
its peak. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain favorable arrangements and
relationships with suppliers or that our contingency plans will be effective to mitigate disruptions
that may arise from shortages or discontinuation of any raw materials and other supplies that we use
in the manufacture, production and distribution of our products or from operational or financial
instability of our key suppliers. Any sustained or significant disruption in the future to the
manufacturing or sourcing of products or materials could increase our costs and interrupt product
supply, which can adversely impact our business.
The raw materials and other supplies, including agricultural commodities, fuel and packaging
materials, such as recycled PET, transportation, labor and other supply chain inputs that we use for
the manufacturing, production and distribution of our products are subject to price volatility and
fluctuations in availability caused by many factors, including changes in supply and demand, supplier
capacity constraints, inflation, weather conditions (including potential effects of climate change),
fire, natural disasters, disease or pests (including the impact of greening disease on the citrus
industry), agricultural uncertainty, health epidemics or pandemics or other contagious outbreaks
(including COVID-19), labor shortages or changes in availability of our or our business partners’
workforce (including the lack of availability of truck drivers or as a result of COVID-19), strikes
or work stoppages (including by railway workers or other third parties involved in the manufacture,
production and distribution of our products), governmental incentives and controls (including
import/export restrictions, such as new or increased tariffs, sanctions, quotas or trade barriers),
port congestions or delays, transport capacity constraints, cybersecurity incidents or other
disruptions, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, political uncertainties, acts of
terrorism, governmental instability or currency exchange rates. Many of our raw materials and
supplies are purchased in the open market and the prices we pay for such items are subject to
fluctuation. We experienced higher than anticipated commodity, packaging and transportation costs
during 2022, which may continue. When input prices increase unexpectedly or significantly, we may be
unwilling or unable to increase our product prices or unable to effectively hedge against price
increases to offset these increased costs without suffering reduced volume, revenue, margins and
operating results.
Political and social conditions can adversely affect our business.
Political and social conditions in the markets in which our products are sold have been and could
continue to be difficult to predict, resulting in adverse effects on our business. The results of
elections, referendums or other political conditions (including government shutdowns or hostilities
between countries) in these markets have in the past and could continue to impact how existing laws,
regulations and government programs or policies are implemented or result in uncertainty as to how
such laws, regulations, programs or policies may change, including with respect to tariffs,
sanctions, environmental and climate change regulations, taxes, benefit programs, the movement of
goods, services and people between countries, relationships between countries, customer or consumer
perception of a particular country or its government and other matters, and has resulted in and could
continue to result in exchange rate fluctuation, volatility in global stock markets and global
economic uncertainty or adversely affect demand
 15 
Table of Contents
for our products, any of which can adversely affect our business. In addition, political and social
conditions in certain cities throughout the U.S. as well as globally have resulted in demonstrations
and protests, including in connection with political elections and civil rights and liberties. Our
operations or the operations of our business partners, including the distribution of our products and
the ingredients or other raw materials used in the production of our products, may be disrupted if
such events persist for a prolonged period of time, including due to actions taken by governmental
authorities in affected cities and regions, which can adversely affect our business.
Our business can be adversely affected if we are unable to grow in developing and emerging markets.
Our success depends in part on our ability to grow our business in developing and emerging markets,
including Mexico, the Middle East, China, South Africa, Brazil and India. There can be no assurance
that our products will be accepted or be successful in any particular developing or emerging market,
due to competition, price, cultural differences, consumer preferences, method of distribution or
otherwise. Our business in these markets has been and could continue in the future to be impacted by
economic, political and social conditions; acts of war, terrorist acts, and civil unrest, including
demonstrations and protests; competition; tariffs, sanctions or other regulations restricting contact
with certain countries in these markets; foreign ownership restrictions; nationalization of our
assets or the assets of our business partners; government-mandated closure, or threatened closure, of
our operations or the operations of our business partners; restrictions on the import or export of
our products or ingredients or substances used in our products; highly inflationary economies;
devaluation or fluctuation or demonetization of currency; regulations on the transfer of funds to and
from foreign countries, currency controls or other currency exchange restrictions, which result in
significant cash balances in foreign countries, from time to time, or can significantly affect our
ability to effectively manage our operations in certain of these markets and can result in the
deconsolidation of such businesses; the lack of well-established or reliable legal systems; increased
costs of doing business due to compliance with complex foreign and U.S. laws and regulations that
apply to our international operations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery
Act and the Trade Sanctions Reform and Export Enhancement Act; and adverse consequences, such as the
assessment of fines or penalties, for any failure to comply with laws and regulations. Our business
can be adversely affected if we are unable to expand our business in developing and emerging markets,
effectively operate, or manage the risks associated with operating, in these markets, or achieve the
return on capital we expect from our investments in these markets.
Changes in economic conditions can adversely impact our business.
Many of the jurisdictions in which our products are sold have experienced and could continue to
experience uncertain or unfavorable economic conditions, such as high inflation and adverse changes
in interest rates, tax laws or tax rates, which could result in recessions or economic slowdowns;
volatile commodity markets; labor shortages; highly inflationary economies, devaluation, fluctuation
or demonetization of currency; contraction in the availability of credit; austerity or stimulus
measures; the effects of any default by or deterioration in the creditworthiness of the countries in
which our products are sold; or a decrease in the fair value of pension or post-retirement assets
that could increase future employee benefit costs and/or funding requirements of our pension or post-
retirement plans. In addition, we cannot predict how current or future economic conditions will
affect our business partners, including financial institutions with whom we do business, and any
negative impact on any of the foregoing may also have an adverse impact on our business.
Future cyber incidents and other disruptions to our information systems can adversely affect our
business.
We depend on information systems and technology, including public websites and cloud-based services,
for many activities important to our business, including communications within our company,
interfacing
 16 
Table of Contents
with customers and consumers; ordering and managing inventory; managing and operating our facilities;
protecting confidential information, including personal data we collect; maintaining accurate
financial records and complying with regulatory, financial reporting, legal and tax requirements. Our
business has in the past and could in the future be negatively affected by system shutdowns, degraded
systems performance, systems disruptions or security incidents. These disruptions or incidents may be
caused by cyberattacks and other cyber incidents, network or power outages, software, equipment or
telecommunications failures, the unintentional or malicious actions of employees or contractors,
natural disasters, fires or other catastrophic events. In addition, the increase in certain of our
employees working remotely has resulted in increased demand on our information technology
infrastructure, which can be subject to failure, disruption or unavailability, and increased
vulnerability to cyberattacks and other cyber incidents. Cyberattacks and other cyber incidents are
occurring more frequently, the techniques used to gain access to information technology systems and
data, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems are constantly evolving and becoming more
sophisticated in nature and are being carried out by groups and individuals with a wide range of
expertise and motives. Cyberattacks and cyber incidents may be difficult to detect for periods of
time and take many forms including cyber extortion, denial of service, social engineering,
introduction of viruses or malware (such as ransomware), exploiting vulnerabilities in hardware,
software or other infrastructure, hacking, website defacement or theft of passwords and other
credentials, unauthorized use of computing resources for digital currency mining and business email
compromise. As with other global companies, we are regularly subject to cyberattacks and other cyber
incidents, including the types of attacks and incidents described above. If we do not allocate and
effectively manage the resources necessary to continue building and maintaining our information
technology infrastructure, or if we fail to timely identify or appropriately respond to cyberattacks
or other cyber incidents, our business has been and can continue to be adversely affected, which has
resulted in and can continue to result in some or all of the following: transaction errors,
processing inefficiencies, inability to access our data or systems, lost revenues or other costs
resulting from disruptions or shutdowns of offices, plants, warehouses, distribution centers or other
facilities, intellectual property or other data loss, litigation, claims, legal or regulatory
proceedings, inquiries or investigations, fines or penalties, remediation costs, damage to our
reputation or a negative impact on employee morale and the loss of current or potential customers. In
addition, these risks also exist in acquired businesses, joint ventures or companies we invest in or
partner with that use separate information systems or that have not yet been fully integrated into
our information systems.
Similar risks exist with respect to our business partners and third-party providers, including
suppliers, software and cloud-based service providers, that we rely upon for aspects of our
information technology support services and administrative functions, including payroll processing,
health and benefit plan administration and certain finance and accounting functions, and the systems
managed, hosted, provided and/or used by such third parties and their vendors. For example, malicious
actors have employed and could continue to employ the information technology supply chain to
introduce malware through software updates or compromised supplier accounts or hardware. The need to
coordinate with various third-party service providers, including with respect to timely notification
and access to personnel and information concerning an incident, may complicate our efforts to address
issues that arise. As a result, we are subject to the risk that the activities associated with our
third-party service providers can adversely affect our business even if the attack or breach does not
directly impact our systems or information.
Although the cyber incidents and other systems disruptions that we have experienced to date have not
had a material effect on our business, such incidents or disruptions could have a material adverse
effect on us in the future. While we devote significant resources to network security, disaster
recovery, employee training and other measures to secure our information technology systems and
prevent unauthorized access to or loss of data, there are no guarantees that they will be adequate to
safeguard against all cyber incidents, systems disruptions, system compromises or misuses of data. In
addition, while we currently
 17 
Table of Contents
maintain insurance coverage that, subject to its terms and conditions, is intended to address costs
associated with certain aspects of cyber incidents and information systems failures, this insurance
coverage may not, depending on the specific facts and circumstances surrounding an incident, cover
all losses or all types of claims that arise from an incident, or the damage to our reputation or
brands that may result from an incident.
Failure to successfully complete or manage strategic transactions can adversely affect our business.
We regularly review our portfolio of businesses and evaluate potential acquisitions, joint ventures,
distribution agreements, divestitures, refranchisings and other strategic transactions. The success
of these transactions is dependent upon, among other things, our ability to realize the full extent
of the expected returns, benefits, cost savings or synergies as a result of a transaction, within the
anticipated time frame, or at all; and receipt of necessary consents, clearances and approvals. Risks
associated with strategic transactions include integrating manufacturing, distribution, sales,
accounting, financial reporting and administrative support activities and information technology
systems with our company or difficulties separating such personnel, activities and systems in
connection with divestitures; operating through new business models or in new categories or
territories; motivating, recruiting and retaining executives and key employees; conforming controls
(including internal control over financial reporting, disclosure controls and procedures and data
protection and cybersecurity) and policies (including with respect to environmental compliance,
health and safety compliance and compliance with anti-bribery laws); retaining existing customers and
consumers and attracting new customers and consumers; managing tax costs or inefficiencies;
maintaining good relations with divested or refranchised businesses in our supply or sales chain;
inability to offset loss of revenue associated with divested brands or businesses; managing the
impact of business decisions or other actions or omissions of our joint venture partners that may
have different interests than we do; and other unanticipated problems or liabilities, such as
contingent liabilities and litigation. Strategic transactions that are not successfully completed or
managed effectively, or our failure to effectively manage the risks associated with such
transactions, have in the past and could continue to result in adverse effects on our business.
Our reliance on third-party service providers and enterprise-wide systems can have an adverse effect
on our business.
We rely on third-party service providers, including cloud data service providers, for certain areas
of our business, including payroll processing, health and benefit plan administration and certain
finance and accounting functions. Failure by these third parties to meet their contractual,
regulatory and other obligations to us, or our failure to adequately monitor their performance, has
in the past and could continue to result in our inability to achieve the expected cost savings or
efficiencies and result in additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers.
Depending on the function involved, such errors can also lead to business disruption, systems
performance degradation, processing inefficiencies or other systems disruptions, the loss of or
damage to intellectual property or sensitive data through security breaches or otherwise, incorrect
or adverse effects on financial reporting, litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings,
inquiries or investigations, fines or penalties, remediation costs, damage to our reputation or have
a negative impact on employee morale, all of which can adversely affect our business.
In addition, we continue on our multi-year phased business transformation initiative to migrate
certain of our systems, including our financial processing systems, to enterprise-wide systems
solutions and have begun to roll out these systems in certain countries and divisions. We have
experienced and could continue to experience systems outages and operating inefficiencies following
these planned implementations. In addition, if we do not allocate and effectively manage the
resources necessary to build and sustain the proper information technology infrastructure, or if we
fail to achieve the expected benefits from this initiative, our business could be adversely affected.
 18 
Table of Contents
Climate change or measures to address climate change can negatively affect our business or damage our
reputation.
Climate change may increase the frequency or severity of natural disasters and other extreme weather
conditions (including rising temperatures and drought), which could pose physical risks to our
facilities, impair our production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our
products. Climate change may also have a negative effect on agricultural production resulting in
decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our
products, such as potatoes, sugar cane, corn, wheat, rice, oats, oranges and other commodities. Also,
there is an increased focus in many jurisdictions in which our products are made, manufactured,
distributed or sold regarding environmental policies relating to climate change, regulating
greenhouse gas emissions, energy policies and sustainability, including single-use plastics. This
increased focus may result in new or increased legal and regulatory requirements, such as potential
carbon pricing programs or revised product labeling requirements or other regulatory measures, which
could, along with initiatives to meet our sustainability goals, continue to result in significant
increased costs and require additional investments in facilities and equipment. As a result, the
effects of climate change can negatively affect our business and operations. In addition, any failure
to achieve or properly report on our goals with respect to reducing our impact on the environment or
perception of a failure to act responsibly with respect to the environment or to effectively respond
to regulatory requirements concerning climate change can lead to adverse publicity, which could
result in reduced demand for our products, damage to our reputation or increase the risk of
litigation. Any of the foregoing can adversely affect our business.
 Strikes or work stoppages can cause our business to suffer. 
Many of our employees and employees of third parties that are involved in the manufacturing,
production or distribution of our products are covered by collective bargaining agreements, and other
employees may seek to be covered by collective bargaining agreements. Strikes or work stoppages or
other business interruptions have occurred and may occur in the future if we or the third parties
that are involved in the manufacturing, production and distribution of our products are unable to
renew, or enter into new, collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms and can impair
manufacturing and distribution of our products, interrupt product supply, lead to a loss of sales,
increase our costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future operational changes to
enhance our efficiency or to adapt to changing business needs or strategy, all of which can adversely
affect our business.
 Financial Risks 
Failure to realize benefits from our productivity initiatives can adversely affect our financial
performance.
Our future growth depends, in part, on our ability to continue to reduce costs and improve
efficiencies, including our multi-year phased implementation of shared business service
organizational models. We continue to identify and implement productivity initiatives that we believe
will position our business for long-term sustainable growth by allowing us to achieve a lower cost
structure, improve decision-making and operate more efficiently. Some of these measures result in
unintended consequences, such as business disruptions, distraction of management and employees,
reduced morale and productivity, unexpected employee attrition, an inability to attract or retain key
personnel and negative publicity. If we are unable to successfully implement our productivity
initiatives as planned or do not achieve expected savings as a result of these initiatives, we may
not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits, resulting in adverse effects on our financial
performance.
A deterioration in our estimates and underlying assumptions regarding the future performance of our
business can result in an impairment charge that can adversely affect our results of operations.
We conduct impairment tests on our goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets annually or
more frequently if circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. In addition, amortizable
 19 
Table of Contents
intangible assets, property, plant and equipment and other long-lived assets are evaluated for
impairment upon a significant change in the operating or macroeconomic environment. A deterioration
in our underlying assumptions regarding the impact of competitive operating conditions, macroeconomic
conditions, including the interest rate environment, or other factors used to estimate the future
performance of any of our reporting units or assets, including any deterioration in the weighted-
average cost of capital based on market data available at the time, have resulted and could in the
future result in an impairment charge, thereby adversely affecting our results of operations.
Fluctuations in exchange rates impact our financial performance.
Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, the financial statements
of our subsidiaries outside the United States, where the functional currency is other than the U.S.
dollar, are translated into U.S. dollars. Given our global operations, we also pay for the
ingredients, raw materials and commodities used in our business in numerous currencies. Fluctuations
in exchange rates, including as a result of inflation, central bank monetary policies, currency
controls or other currency exchange restrictions have had, and could continue to have, an adverse
impact on our financial performance.
Our borrowing costs and access to capital and credit markets can be adversely affected by a downgrade
or potential downgrade of our credit ratings.
Rating agencies routinely evaluate us and their ratings are based on a number of factors, including
our cash generating capability, levels of indebtedness, policies with respect to shareholder
distributions and our financial strength generally, as well as factors beyond our control, such as
the state of the economy and our industry. We expect to maintain Tier 1 commercial paper access,
which we believe will facilitate appropriate financial flexibility and ready access to global credit
markets at favorable interest rates. Any downgrade or announcement that we are under review for a
potential downgrade of our credit ratings, especially any downgrade to below investment grade, can
increase our future borrowing costs, impair our ability to access capital and credit markets on terms
commercially acceptable to us or at all, result in a reduction in our liquidity, or impair our
ability to access the commercial paper market with the same flexibility that we have experienced
historically (and therefore require us to rely more heavily on more expensive types of debt
financing), all of which can adversely affect our financial performance.
 Legal, Tax and Regulatory Risks 
Taxes aimed at our products can adversely affect our business or financial performance.
Certain jurisdictions in which our products are sold have either imposed, or are considering
imposing, new or increased taxes on the manufacture, distribution or sale of certain of our products,
particularly our beverages, as a result of ingredients contained in our products. These taxes vary in
scope and form: some apply to all beverages, including non-caloric beverages, while others apply only
to beverages with a caloric sweetener (e.g., sugar). Similarly, some measures apply a single tax rate
per ounce/liter on beverages containing over a certain amount of added sugar (or other sweetener),
some apply a graduated tax rate depending upon the amount of added sugar (or other sweetener) in the
beverage and others apply a flat tax rate on beverages containing any amount of added sugar (or other
sweetener). For example, Italy enacted a flat tax on all beverages, including zero calorie beverages,
effective January 1, 2023, at a rate of EUR 10 cent (0.11 U.S. dollars) per liter . These tax
measures, whatever their scope or form, have in the past and could continue to increase the cost of
certain of our products, reduce overall consumption of our products or lead to negative publicity,
resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
 20 
Table of Contents
Limitations on the marketing or sale of our products can adversely affect our business and financial
performance.
Certain jurisdictions in which our products are sold have either imposed, or are considering
imposing, limitations on the marketing or sale of our products as a result of ingredients or
substances in our products. These limitations require that we highlight perceived concerns about a
product, warn consumers to avoid consumption of certain ingredients or substances present in our
products, restrict the age of consumers to whom products are marketed or sold or limit the location
in which our products may be available. For example, Brazil and Canada enacted warning labeling
requirements in 2022 to indicate whether a particular pre-packaged food or beverage product is
considered to be high in sugar, sodium or saturated fat. Certain jurisdictions have imposed or are
considering imposing color-coded labeling requirements where colors such as red, yellow and green are
used to indicate various levels of a particular ingredient, such as sugar, sodium or saturated fat,
in products. The imposition or proposed imposition of additional limitations on the marketing or sale
of our products has in the past and could continue to reduce overall consumption of our products,
lead to negative publicity or leave consumers with the perception that our products do not meet their
health and wellness needs, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial performance.
Laws and regulations related to the use or disposal of plastics or other packaging materials can
adversely affect our business and financial performance.
We rely on diverse packaging solutions to safely deliver products to our customers and consumers.
Certain of our products are sold in packaging designed to be recyclable, commercially compostable,
biodegradable or reusable. However, not all packaging is recovered, whether due to lack of
infrastructure or otherwise, and certain of our packaging is not currently recyclable, commercially
compostable, biodegradable or reusable. Packaging waste not properly disposed of that displays one or
more of our brands has in the past resulted in and could continue to result in negative publicity,
litigation, government action or reduced consumer demand for our products, adversely affecting our
financial performance. Many jurisdictions in which our products are sold have imposed or are
considering imposing laws, regulations or policies intended to encourage the use of sustainable
packaging, waste reduction or increased recycling rates or to restrict the sale of products utilizing
certain packaging. These laws, regulations and policies vary in form and scope and include extended
producer responsibility policies, plastic or packaging taxes, restrictions on certain products and
materials, requirements for bottle caps to be tethered to bottles, restrictions or bans on the use of
certain types of packaging, including single-use plastics and packaging containing PFAS, restrictions
on labeling related to recyclability and requirements to charge deposit fees. For example, the
European Union, Peru and certain states in the United States, among other jurisdictions, have imposed
a minimum recycled content requirement for beverage bottle packaging and similar legislation is under
consideration in other jurisdictions. These laws and regulations have in the past and could continue
to increase the cost of our products, impact demand for our products, result in negative publicity
and require us and our business partners, including our independent bottlers, to increase capital
expenditures to invest in reducing the amount of virgin plastic or other materials used in our
packaging, to develop alternative packaging or to revise product labeling, all of which can adversely
affect our business and financial performance.
Failure to comply with personal data protection and privacy laws can adversely affect our business.
We are subject to a variety of continuously evolving and developing laws and regulations in numerous
jurisdictions regarding personal data protection and privacy laws. These laws and regulations may be
interpreted and applied differently from country to country or, within the United States, from state
to state, and can create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. Our efforts to comply with these
laws and regulations, including the California Consumer Privacy Act, which was significantly modified
by the California Privacy Rights Act, as well as new comprehensive privacy legislation passed in
Virginia, Colorado, Utah and Connecticut, as well as the European Union's General Data Protection
Regulation and China's Personal Information Protection Act, impose significant costs and challenges
that are likely to
 21 
Table of Contents
continue to increase over time, particularly as additional jurisdictions continue to adopt similar
regulations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations or to otherwise protect personal data
from unauthorized access, use or other processing, have in the past and could in the future result in
litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries or investigations, damage to our
reputation, fines or penalties, all of which can adversely affect our business.
Increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or disagreements with tax authorities can
adversely affect our financial performance.
Increases in income tax rates or other changes in tax laws, including changes in how existing tax
laws are interpreted or enforced, can adversely affect our financial performance. For example,
economic and political conditions in countries where we are subject to taxes, including the United
States, have in the past and could continue to result in significant changes in tax legislation or
regulation. For example, numerous countries have agreed to a statement in support of the Organization
for Economic Co-operation and Development model rules that propose a partial global profit
reallocation and a global minimum tax rate of 15% and European Union member states have recently
agreed to implement the global minimum tax. There can be no assurance that other individual countries
will adopt these changes, or that once adopted by any country, that these changes will not have
adverse effects on our financial performance. This increasingly complex global tax environment has in
the past and could continue to increase tax uncertainty, resulting in higher compliance costs and
adverse effects on our financial performance. We are also subject to regular reviews, examinations
and audits by numerous taxing authorities with respect to income and non-income based taxes. Economic
and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which we operate, or the
adoption of new or reformed tax legislation or regulation, has made and could continue to make
resolving tax disputes more difficult and the final resolution of tax audits and any related
litigation can differ from our historical provisions and accruals, resulting in an adverse effect on
our financial performance.
If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, or if we are found to
infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, our business can be adversely affected.
We possess intellectual property rights that are important to our business, including ingredient
formulas, trademarks, copyrights, patents, business processes and other trade secrets. The laws of
various jurisdictions in which we operate have differing levels of protection of intellectual
property. Our competitive position and the value of our products and brands can be reduced and our
business adversely affected if we fail to obtain or adequately protect our intellectual property,
including our ingredient formulas, or if there is a change in law that limits or removes the current
legal protections afforded our intellectual property. Also, in the course of developing new products
or improving the quality of existing products, we have in the past been alleged to have infringed,
and could in the future infringe or be alleged to infringe, on the intellectual property rights of
others. Such infringement or allegations of infringement could result in expensive litigation and
damages, damage to our reputation, disruption to our operations, injunctions against development,
manufacturing, use and/or sale of certain products, inventory write-offs or other limitations on our
ability to introduce new products or improve the quality of existing products, resulting in an
adverse effect on our business.
Failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our business can adversely affect our
business.
The conduct of our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the production,
storage, distribution, sale, display, advertising, marketing, labeling, content (including whether a
product contains genetically engineered ingredients), quality, safety, transportation, traceability,
sourcing (including pesticide use), packaging, disposal, recycling and use of our products or raw
materials, employment and occupational health and safety, environmental, social and governance
matters and reporting (including climate change) and data privacy and protection. In addition, in
many jurisdictions,
 22 
Table of Contents
compliance with competition and antitrust laws is of special importance to us due to our competitive
position, as is compliance with anti-corruption laws. The imposition of new laws, changes in laws or
regulatory requirements or changing interpretations thereof, changes in the enforcement priorities of
regulators, and differing or competing regulations and standards across the markets where our
products or raw materials are made, manufactured, distributed or sold, have in the past and could
continue to result in higher compliance costs, capital expenditures and higher production costs, or
make it necessary for us to reformulate certain of our products, resulting in adverse effects on our
business. For example, increasing governmental and societal attention to environmental, social and
governance matters has resulted and could continue to result in new laws or regulatory requirements,
including expanded disclosure requirements that are expected to continue to expand the nature, scope
and complexity of matters on which we are required to report. In addition, the entry into new markets
or categories, including our recent entry into the alcoholic beverage industry as a distributor, has
resulted in and could continue to result in our business being subject to additional regulations
resulting in higher compliance costs. If one jurisdiction imposes or proposes to impose new laws or
regulations that impact the manufacture, distribution or sale of our products, other jurisdictions
may follow. Failure to comply with such laws or regulations (or allegations thereof) can subject us
to criminal or civil investigations or enforcement actions, including voluntary and involuntary
document requests, fines, injunctions, product recalls, penalties, disgorgement of profits or
activity restrictions, all of which can adversely affect our business. In addition, the results of
third-party studies (whether or not scientifically valid) purporting to assess the health
implications of consumption of certain ingredients or substances present in certain of our products
or packaging materials have resulted in and could continue to result in our being subject to new
taxes and regulations or lawsuits that can adversely affect our business.
Potential liabilities and costs from litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries
or investigations can have an adverse impact on our business.
We and our subsidiaries are party to a variety of litigation, claims, legal or regulatory
proceedings, inquiries and investigations, including but not limited to matters related to our
advertising, marketing or commercial practices, product labels, claims and ingredients, personal
injury and property damage, intellectual property rights, privacy, employment, tax and insurance
matters, environmental, social and governance matters and matters relating to our compliance with
applicable laws and regulations. These matters are inherently uncertain and there is no guarantee
that we will be successful in defending ourselves or that our assessment of the materiality of these
matters and the likely outcome or potential losses and established reserves will be consistent with
the ultimate outcome of such matters. Responding to these matters, even those that are ultimately
non-meritorious, requires us to incur significant expense and devote significant resources, and may
generate adverse publicity that damages our reputation or brand image. Any of the foregoing can
adversely affect our business.
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. │
We have received no written comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the
SEC that were issued 180 days or more preceding the end of our 2022 year and that remain unresolved.
 23 
Table of Contents
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Item 2. Properties. │
Our principal executive office located in Purchase, New York and our facilities located in Plano,
Texas, all of which we own, are our most significant corporate properties.
In connection with making, marketing, distributing and selling our products, each division utilizes
manufacturing, processing, bottling and production plants, warehouses, distribution centers, storage
facilities, offices, including division headquarters, research and development facilities and other
facilities, all of which are either owned or leased.
Significant properties by division are as follows:
 Property Type Location Owned/ Leased 
 FLNA Research and development Plano, Texas Owned 
 facility 
 QFNA Convenient food plant Cedar Rapids, Iowa Owned 
 PBNA Research and development Valhalla, New York Owned 
 facility 
 PBNA Concentrate plant Arlington, Texas Owned 
 LatAm Convenient food plant Celaya, Mexico Owned 
 LatAm Two convenient food plants Vallejo, Mexico Owned 
 Europe Convenient food plant Leicester, United Kingdom Leased 
 Europe Convenient food plant Kashira, Russia Owned 
 Europe Manufacturing plant Lehavim, Israel Owned 
 Europe Dairy plant Moscow, Russia Owned(a) 
 AMESA Convenient food plant Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Owned(a) 
 APAC Convenient food plant Wuhan, China Owned(a) 
 FLNA, QFNA, PBNA Shared service center Winston Salem, North Leased 
 Carolina 
 PBNA, LatAm Concentrate plant Colonia, Uruguay Owned(a) 
 PBNA, Europe, AMESA Two concentrate plants Cork, Ireland Owned 
 PBNA, AMESA, APAC Concentrate plant Singapore Owned(a) 
 All divisions Shared service center Hyderabad, India Leased 
(a) The land on which these properties are located is leased.
Most of our plants are owned or leased on a long-term basis. In addition to company-owned or leased
properties described above, we also utilize a highly distributed network of plants, warehouses and
distribution centers that are owned or leased by our contract manufacturers, co-packers, strategic
alliances or joint ventures in which we have an equity interest. We believe that our properties
generally are in good operating condition and, taken as a whole, are suitable, adequate and of
sufficient capacity for our current operations.
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Item 3. Legal Proceedings. │
We and our subsidiaries are party to a variety of litigation, claims, legal or regulatory
proceedings, inquiries and investigations. While the results of such litigation, claims, legal or
regulatory proceedings, inquiries and investigations cannot be predicted with certainty, management
believes that the final outcome of the foregoing will not have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. See also “Item 1. Business – Regulatory
Matters” and “Item 1A. Risk Factors.”
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. │
Not applicable.
 24 
Table of Contents
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
The following is a list of names, ages and backgrounds of our current executive officers:
 Name Age Title 
 David J. Flavell 51 Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, 
 PepsiCo 
 Marie T. Gallagher 63 Senior Vice President and Controller, PepsiCo 
 Hugh F. Johnston 61 Vice Chairman, PepsiCo; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial 
 Officer, PepsiCo 
 Ram Krishnan 52 Chief Executive Officer, International Beverages and Chief 
 Commercial Officer 
 Ramon L. Laguarta 59 Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer, 
 PepsiCo 
 Silviu Popovici 55 Chief Executive Officer, Europe 
 Paula Santilli 58 Chief Executive Officer, Latin America 
 Ronald Schellekens 58 Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, PepsiCo 
 Kirk Tanner 54 Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Beverages North America 
 Eugene Willemsen 55 Chief Executive Officer, Africa, Middle East, South Asia 
 Steven Williams 57 Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Foods North America 
David J. Flavell has served as Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary,
PepsiCo since 2021. Mr. Flavell previously held a number of leadership roles at PepsiCo, including as
Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Chief Compliance & Ethics Officer for PepsiCo from
2019 to 2021, as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel & Managing Attorney from 2018 to 2019,
as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel & General Counsel, International and Global Groups
from 2017 to 2018, as Senior Vice President, Deputy General Counsel & General Counsel, Latin America
and Frito-Lay North America from 2016 to 2017, as Senior Vice President, General Counsel, Latin
America and Frito-Lay North America from 2015 to 2016, and as Senior Vice President, General Counsel,
Asia, Middle East and Africa from 2011 to 2015. Before joining PepsiCo in 2011, Mr. Flavell was
general counsel for Danone S.A.’s Asia Pacific and Middle East business. Prior to that, Mr. Flavell
served as senior legal counsel at Fonterra Co-operative Group Limited and was a partner at Corrs
Chambers Westgarth.
Marie T. Gallagher was appointed PepsiCo’s Senior Vice President and Controller in 2011. Ms.
Gallagher joined PepsiCo in 2005 as Vice President and Assistant Controller. Prior to joining
PepsiCo, Ms. Gallagher was Assistant Controller at Altria Corporate Services from 1992 to 2005 and,
prior to that, a senior manager at Coopers & Lybrand.
Hugh F. Johnston was appointed Vice Chairman, PepsiCo in 2015 and Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer, PepsiCo in 2010. In addition to providing strategic financial leadership for
PepsiCo, Mr. Johnston’s portfolio has included a variety of responsibilities, including leadership of
the Company’s information technology function since 2015, the Company’s global e-commerce business
from 2015 to 2019, and the Quaker Foods North America division from 2014 to 2016. He has also held a
number of leadership roles throughout his PepsiCo career, serving as Executive Vice President, Global
Operations from 2009 to 2010, President of Pepsi-Cola North America from 2007 to 2009, Executive Vice
President, Operations from 2006 to 2007, and Senior Vice President, Transformation from 2005 to 2006.
Prior to that, he served as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of PepsiCo Beverages
and Foods from 2002 through 2005, and as PepsiCo’s Senior Vice President of Mergers and Acquisitions
in 2002. Mr. Johnston joined PepsiCo in 1987 as a Business Planner and held various finance positions
until 1999 when he left to join Merck & Co., Inc. as Vice President, Retail, a position which he held
until he
 25 
Table of Contents
rejoined PepsiCo in 2002. Prior to joining PepsiCo in 1987, Mr. Johnston was with General Electric
Company in a variety of finance positions.
Ram Krishnan has served as Chief Executive Officer, International Beverages and Chief Commercial
Officer of PepsiCo, effective January 2022. Prior to that, Mr. Krishnan served as Executive Vice
President and Chief Commercial Officer, PepsiCo, from 2019 to 2021, as President and Chief Executive
Officer of PepsiCo’s Asia Pacific, Australia and New Zealand and China Region from 2018 to 2020, and
as PepsiCo’s Senior Vice President and Chief Customer Officer for Walmart, leading PepsiCo’s global
Walmart customer team, from 2016 to 2017. Mr. Krishnan joined PepsiCo in 2006 and held marketing
roles of increasing responsibility from 2006 to 2016, including as Senior Vice President and Chief
Marketing Officer, Frito-Lay North America from 2014 to 2016, as Senior Vice President, Marketing,
Frito-Lay North America from 2012 to 2013 and as Vice President of Global Brands, Frito-Lay North
America from 2011 to 2012. Prior to PepsiCo, Mr. Krishnan spent six years at General Motors Company
as a marketing manager for Cadillac.
Ramon L. Laguarta has served as PepsiCo’s Chief Executive Officer and a director on the Board since
2018, and assumed the role of Chairman of the Board in 2019. Mr. Laguarta previously served as
President of PepsiCo from 2017 to 2018. Prior to serving as President, Mr. Laguarta held a variety of
positions of increasing responsibility in Europe, including as Commercial Vice President of PepsiCo
Europe from 2006 to 2008, PepsiCo Eastern Europe Region from 2008 to 2012, President, Developing &
Emerging Markets, PepsiCo Europe from 2012 to 2015, Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Europe in 2015,
and Chief Executive Officer, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa from 2015 until 2017. From 2002 to 2006, he
was General Manager for Iberia Snacks and Juices, and from 1999 to 2001, a General Manager for Greece
Snacks. Prior to joining PepsiCo in 1996 as a marketing vice president for Spain Snacks, Mr. Laguarta
worked for Chupa Chups, S.A., where he worked in several international assignments in Asia, Europe,
the Middle East and the United States. Mr. Laguarta has served as a director of Visa Inc. since 2019.
Silviu Popovici was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Europe, effective 2019. Prior to this role, he
served as Chief Executive Officer, Europe Sub-Saharan Africa in 2019 and as President, Europe Sub-
Saharan Africa from 2017 to early 2019. Mr. Popovici previously served as President, Russia, Ukraine
and CIS (The Commonwealth of Independent States) from 2015 to 2017, and as President, PepsiCo Russia
from 2013 to 2015. Mr. Popovici joined PepsiCo in 2011 following PepsiCo’s acquisition of Wimm-Bill-
Dann Foods OJSC (WBD) and served as General Manager, WBD Foods Division from 2011 until 2012. Prior
to the acquisition, Mr. Popovici held senior leadership roles at WBD, running its dairy business from
2008 to 2011 and its beverages business from 2006 to 2008.
Paula Santilli was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Latin America, effective 2019. Previously, she
served in various leadership positions at PepsiCo Mexico Foods, as President from 2017 to 2019, as
Chief Operating Officer from 2016 to 2017 and as Vice President and General Manager from 2011 to
2016. Prior to joining PepsiCo Mexico Foods, she held a variety of roles, including leadership
positions in Beverages in Mexico, as well as in Foods and Snacks in the Latin America Southern Cone
region comprising Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay. Ms. Santilli joined PepsiCo in 2001 following
PepsiCo’s acquisition of the Quaker Oats Company. At Quaker, she held various roles of increasing
responsibility from 1992 to 2001, including running the regional Quaker Foods and Gatorade businesses
in Argentina, Chile and Uruguay.
Ronald Schellekens was appointed Executive Vice President and Chief Human Resources Officer, PepsiCo,
in 2018. Prior to that, Mr. Schellekens served as Group HR Director of Vodafone Group Services
Limited from 2009 to 2018, where he was responsible for the Vodafone Human Resource Management
function, as well as health and safety, and property and real estate functions. Prior to joining
Vodafone, Mr. Schellekens was executive vice president, human resources for the global downstream
division of Royal Dutch Shell Plc. Prior to that, he worked for PepsiCo for nine years from 1994 to

 26 
Table of Contents
in various international, senior human resources roles, including assignments in Switzerland, Spain,
South Africa, the United Kingdom and Poland, where he was most recently responsible for the Europe,
Middle East & Africa region for PepsiCo Foods International. Prior to that, he served for nine years
at AT&T Inc. in Human Resources.
Kirk Tanner was appointed Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Beverages North America, effective 2019.
Prior to that, Mr. Tanner served as President and Chief Operating Officer, North America Beverages
from 2016 to 2018, Chief Operating Officer, North America Beverages and President, Global Foodservice
from 2015 to 2016, and President, Global Foodservice from 2014 to 2015. Mr. Tanner joined PepsiCo in
1992, where he has worked in numerous domestic and international locations and in a variety of roles,
including Senior Vice President of Frito-Lay North America’s West region from 2009 to 2013, Vice
President, Sales of PepsiCo U.K. and Ireland from 2008 to 2009, Region Vice President of Frito-Lay
North America’s Mountain region from 2005 to 2008, Region Vice President of Frito-Lay North America’s
Mid-America region from 2002 to 2005 and Region Vice President of Frito-Lay North America’s
California region from 2000 to 2002.
Eugene Willemsen was appointed Chief Executive Officer, Africa, Middle East, South Asia, effective
2019. Previously he served as Chief Executive Officer, Sub-Saharan Africa in 2019 and as Executive
Vice President, Global Categories and Franchise Management from 2015 to 2019. Before that, he led the
global Pepsi-Lipton Joint Venture as President from 2014 to 2015. Prior to such role, Mr. Willemsen
served as PepsiCo’s Senior Vice President and General Manager, South East Europe from 2011 to 2013,
as Senior Vice President and General Manager, Commercial, Europe from 2008 to 2011, as Senior Vice
President and General Manager, Northern Europe from 2006 to 2008, as Vice President, General Manager,
Benelux from 2000 to 2005 and as Commercial Director, Benelux for the snacks business from 1998 to
2000. Mr. Willemsen joined PepsiCo in 1995 as a business development manager.
Steven Williams was appointed Chief Executive Officer, PepsiCo Foods North America, effective 2019.
Prior to this role, Mr. Williams served in leadership positions for Frito-Lay’s U.S. operations, as
Senior Vice President, Commercial Sales and Chief Commercial Officer from 2017 to 2019 and as General
Manager and Senior Vice President, East Division from 2016 to 2017. Prior to that, he served as
General Manager and Senior Vice President, Customer Management for PepsiCo’s global Walmart business
from 2013 to 2016, as Sales Senior Vice President, North American Nutrition from 2011 to 2013 and as
Vice President, Sales, Central Division from 2009 to 2011. Mr. Williams joined PepsiCo in 2001 as a
part of PepsiCo’s acquisition of the Quaker Oats Company, which he joined in 1997 and has held
leadership positions of increasing responsibility in sales and customer management.
Executive officers are elected by our Board, and their terms of office continue until the next annual
meeting of the Board or until their successors are elected and have qualified. There are no family
relationships among our executive officers.
 27 
Table of Contents