ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
Exxon Mobil Corporation was incorporated in the State of New Jersey in 1882. Divisions and affiliated
companies of ExxonMobil operate or market products in the United States and most other countries of
the world. Our principal business involves exploration for, and production of, crude oil and natural
gas; manufacture, trade, transport and sale of crude oil, natural gas, petroleum products,
petrochemicals, and a wide variety of specialty products; and pursuit of lower-emission business
opportunities including carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, and lower-emission fuels. Affiliates of
ExxonMobil conduct extensive research programs in support of these businesses.
Exxon Mobil Corporation has several divisions and hundreds of affiliates, many with names that
include ExxonMobil , Exxon , Esso, Mobil or XTO . For convenience and simplicity, in this report the
terms ExxonMobil, Exxon, Esso, Mobil, and XTO , as well as terms like Corporation , Company , our ,
we, and its , are sometimes used as abbreviated references to specific affiliates or groups of
affiliates. The precise meaning depends on the context in question.
The energy and petrochemical industries are highly competitive, both within the industries and also
with other industries in supplying the energy, fuel, and chemical needs of industrial and individual
consumers. Certain industry participants, including ExxonMobil, are expanding investments in lower-
emission energy and emission-reduction services and technologies. The Corporation competes with other
firms in the sale or purchase of needed goods and services in many national and international markets
and employs all methods of competition which are lawful and appropriate for such purposes.
Operating data and industry segment information for the Corporation are contained in the Financial
Section of this report under the following: “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations: Business Results” and “Note 18: Disclosures about Segments and
Related Information”. Information on oil and gas reserves is contained in the “Oil and Gas Reserves”
part of the “Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Activities” portion
of the Financial Section of this report.
ExxonMobil has a long-standing commitment to the development of proprietary technology. We have a
wide array of research programs designed to meet the needs identified in each of our business
segments. ExxonMobil held over 8 thousand active patents worldwide at the end of 2022. For technology
licensed to third parties, revenues totaled approximately $129 million in 2022. Although technology
is an important contributor to the overall operations and results of our Company, the profitability
of each business segment is not dependent on any individual patent, trade secret, trademark, license,
franchise, or concession.
ExxonMobil operates in a highly complex, competitive, and changing global energy business environment
where decisions and risks play out over time horizons that are often decades in length. This long-
term orientation underpins the Corporation's philosophy on talent development.
Talent development begins with recruiting exceptional candidates and continues with individually
planned experiences and training designed to facilitate broad development and a deep understanding of
our business across the business cycle. Our career-oriented approach to talent development results in
strong retention and an average length of service of about 30 years for our career employees.
Compensation, benefits, and workplace programs support the Corporation's talent management approach,
and are designed to attract and retain employees for a career through compensation that is market
competitive, long-term oriented, and highly differentiated by individual performance.
Over 60 percent of our global employee workforce is from outside the U.S., and over the past decade
39 percent of our global hires for management, professional and technical positions were female and
35 percent of our U.S. hires for management, professional and technical positions were minorities.
With over 160 nationalities represented in the company, we encourage and respect diversity of
thought, ideas, and perspective from our workforce. We consider and monitor diversity through all
stages of employment, including recruitment, training, and development of our employees. We also work
closely with the communities where we operate to identify and invest in initiatives that help support
local needs, including local talent and skill development.
The number of regular employees was 62 thousand, 63 thousand, and 72 thousand at years ended 2022,
2021, and 2020, respectively. Regular employees are defined as active executive, management,
professional, technical, and wage employees who work full time or part time for the Corporation and
are covered by the Corporation’s benefit plans and programs.
 1 
As discussed in item 1A. Risk Factors in this report, compliance with existing and potential future
government regulations, including taxes, environmental regulations, and other government regulations
and policies that directly or indirectly affect the production and sale of our products, may have
material effects on the capital expenditures, earnings, and competitive position of ExxonMobil. With
respect to the environment, throughout ExxonMobil’s businesses, new and ongoing measures are taken to
prevent and minimize the impact of our operations on air, water, and ground, including, but not
limited to, compliance with environmental regulations. These include a significant investment in
refining infrastructure and technology to manufacture clean fuels, as well as projects to monitor and
reduce air, water, and waste emissions, and expenditures for asset retirement obligations. Using
definitions and guidelines established by the American Petroleum Institute, ExxonMobil’s 2022
worldwide environmental expenditures for all such preventative and remediation steps, including
ExxonMobil’s share of equity company expenditures, were $5.7 billion, of which $3.8 billion were
included in expenses with the remainder in capital expenditures. As the Corporation progresses its
emission-reduction plans, worldwide environmental expenditures are expected to increase to
approximately $7.3 billion in 2023, with capital expenditures expected to account for approximately
46 percent of the total. Costs for 2024 are anticipated to increase to approximately $8.2 billion,
with capital expenditures expected to account for approximately 51 percent of the total.
Information concerning the source and availability of raw materials used in the Corporation’s
business, the extent of seasonality in the business, the possibility of renegotiation of profits or
termination of contracts at the election of governments, and risks attendant to foreign operations
may be found in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Item 2. Properties” in this report.
ExxonMobil maintains a website at exxonmobil.com. Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are made available through our
website as soon as reasonably practical after we electronically file or furnish the reports to the
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Also available on the Corporation’s website are the
company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, and additional
policies as well as the charters of the audit, compensation, and other committees of the Board of
Directors. Information on our website is not incorporated into this report.
The SEC maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information
statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
ExxonMobil’s financial and operating results are subject to a variety of risks inherent in the global
oil, gas, and petrochemical businesses, and the pursuit of lower-emission business opportunities.
Many of these risk factors are not within the company’s control and could adversely affect our
business, our financial and operating results, or our financial condition. These risk factors
include:
 Supply and Demand 
The oil, gas, and petrochemical businesses are fundamentally commodity businesses. This means
ExxonMobil’s operations and earnings may be significantly affected by changes in oil, gas, and
petrochemical prices and by changes in margins on refined products. Oil, gas, petrochemical, and
product prices and margins in turn depend on local, regional, and global events or conditions that
affect supply and demand for the relevant commodity or product. Any material decline in oil or
natural gas prices could have a material adverse effect on the company’s operations, financial
condition, and proved reserves, especially in the Upstream segment. On the other hand, a material
increase in oil or natural gas prices could have a material adverse effect on the company’s
operations, especially in the Energy Products, Chemical Products, and Specialty Products segments.
Our pursuit of lower-emission business opportunities including carbon capture and storage, hydrogen,
and lower-emission fuels also depends on the growth and development of markets for those products and
services, including implementation of supportive government policies and developments in technology
to enable those products and services to be provided on a cost-effective basis at commercial scale.
See "Climate Change and the Energy Transition" in this Item 1A.
Economic conditions. The demand for energy and petrochemicals is generally linked closely with broad-
based economic activities and levels of prosperity. The occurrence of recessions or other periods of
low or negative economic growth will typically have a direct adverse impact on our results. Other
factors that affect general economic conditions in the world or in a major region, such as changes in
population growth rates, periods of civil unrest, government regulation or austerity programs, trade
tariffs or broader breakdowns in global trade, security or public health issues and responses, or
currency exchange rate fluctuations, can also impact the demand for energy and petrochemicals.
Sovereign debt downgrades, defaults, inability to access debt markets due to rating, banking, or
legal constraints, liquidity crises, the breakup or restructuring of fiscal, monetary, or political
systems such as the European Union, and other events or conditions that impair the functioning of
financial markets and institutions also pose risks to ExxonMobil, including risks to the safety of
our financial assets and to the ability of our partners and customers to fulfill their commitments to
ExxonMobil. Our future business results, including cash flows and financing needs, will also be
affected by the rate of recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the occurrence and severity
of future outbreaks, the responsive actions taken by governments and others, and the resulting
effects on regional and global markets and economies.
 2 
Other demand-related factors. Other factors that may affect the demand for oil, gas, and
petrochemicals, and therefore impact our results, include technological improvements in energy
efficiency; seasonal weather patterns; increased competitiveness of, or government policy support
for, alternative energy sources; changes in technology that alter fuel choices, such as technological
advances in energy storage that make wind and solar more competitive for power generation; changes in
consumer preferences for our products, including consumer demand for alternative fueled or electric
transportation or alternatives to plastic products; and broad-based changes in personal income
levels. See also “Climate Change and the Energy Transition” below.
Other supply-related factors. Commodity prices and margins also vary depending on a number of factors
affecting supply. For example, increased supply from the development of new oil and gas supply
sources and technologies to enhance recovery from existing sources tends to reduce commodity prices
to the extent such supply increases are not offset by commensurate growth in demand. Similarly,
increases in industry refining or petrochemical manufacturing capacity relative to demand tend to
reduce margins on the affected products. World oil, gas, and petrochemical supply levels can also be
affected by factors that reduce available supplies, such as the level of and adherence by
participating countries to production quotas established by OPEC or "OPEC+" and other agreements
among sovereigns; government policies, including actions intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions,
that restrict oil and gas production or increase associated costs; and the occurrence of wars,
hostile actions, natural disasters, disruptions in competitors’ operations, logistics constraints, or
unexpected unavailability of distribution channels that may disrupt supplies. Technological change
can also alter the relative costs for competitors to find, produce, and refine oil and gas and to
manufacture petrochemicals.
Other market factors. ExxonMobil’s business results are also exposed to potential negative impacts
due to changes in interest rates, inflation, currency exchange rates, and other local or regional
market conditions. In addition to direct potential impacts on our costs and revenues, market factors
such as rates of inflation may indirectly impact our results to the extent such factors reduce
general rates of economic growth and therefore energy demand, as discussed under “Economic
conditions”. Market factors may also result in losses from commodity derivatives and other
instruments we use to hedge price exposures or for trading purposes. Additional information regarding
the potential future impact of market factors on our businesses is included or incorporated by
reference under Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in this report.
 Government and Political Factors 
ExxonMobil’s results can be adversely affected by political or regulatory developments affecting our
operations.
Access limitations. A number of countries limit access to their oil and gas resources, including by
restricting leasing or permitting activities, or may place resources off-limits from development
altogether. Restrictions on production of oil and gas could increase to the extent governments view
such measures as a viable approach for pursuing national and global energy and climate policies.
Restrictions on foreign investment in the oil and gas sector tend to increase in times of high
commodity prices, when national governments may have less need for outside sources of private
capital. Many countries also restrict the import or export of certain products based on point of
origin.
Restrictions on doing business. ExxonMobil is subject to laws and sanctions imposed by the United
States or by other jurisdictions where we do business that may prohibit ExxonMobil or its affiliates
from doing business in certain countries, or restricting the kind of business that may be conducted.
Such restrictions may provide a competitive advantage to competitors who may not be subject to
comparable restrictions.
Lack of legal certainty. Some countries in which we do business lack well-developed legal systems, or
have not yet adopted, or may be unable to maintain, clear regulatory frameworks for oil and gas
development. Lack of legal certainty exposes our operations to increased risk of adverse or
unpredictable actions by government officials, and also makes it more difficult for us to enforce our
contracts. In some cases these risks can be partially offset by agreements to arbitrate disputes in
an international forum, but the adequacy of this remedy may still depend on the local legal system to
enforce an award.
Regulatory and litigation risks. Even in countries with well-developed legal systems where ExxonMobil
does business, we remain exposed to changes in law or interpretation of settled law (including
changes that result from international treaties and accords) and changes in policy that could
adversely affect our results, such as:
• increases in taxes, duties, or government royalty rates (including retroactive claims);
• price controls;
• changes in environmental regulations or other laws that increase our cost of compliance or reduce
or delay available business opportunities (including changes in laws affecting offshore drilling
operations, water use, emissions, hydraulic fracturing, or production or use of new or recycled
plastics);
• actions by policy-makers, regulators, or other actors to delay or deny necessary licenses and
permits, restrict the availability of oil and gas leases or the transportation of our products, or
otherwise require changes in the company's business or strategy that could result in reduced returns;
• adoption of regulations mandating efficiency standards, the use of alternative fuels or
uncompetitive fuel components;
• adoption of government payment transparency regulations that could require us to disclose
competitively sensitive commercial information, or that could cause us to violate the non-disclosure
laws of other countries; and
• government actions to cancel contracts, redenominate the official currency, renounce or default on
obligations, renegotiate terms unilaterally, or expropriate assets.
 3 
Legal remedies available to compensate us for expropriation or other takings may be inadequate.
We also may be adversely affected by the outcome of litigation, especially in countries such as the
United States in which very large and unpredictable punitive damage awards may occur; by government
enforcement proceedings alleging non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations; or by state and
local government actors as well as private plaintiffs acting in parallel that attempt to use the
legal system to promote public policy agendas (including seeking to reduce the production and sale of
hydrocarbon products through litigation targeting the company or other industry participants), gain
political notoriety, or obtain monetary awards from the company. The adoption of similar legal
practices in the European Union or elsewhere would broaden this risk and has begun to be applied to
some of our competitors in the European Union.
Security concerns. Successful operation of particular facilities or projects may be disrupted by
civil unrest, acts of sabotage or terrorism, cybersecurity attacks, the application of national
security laws or policies that result in restricting our ability to do business in a particular
jurisdiction, and other local security concerns. Such concerns may be directed specifically at our
company, our industry, or as part of broader movements and may require us to incur greater costs for
security or to shut down operations for a period of time.
 Climate Change and the Energy Transition 
Net-zero scenarios. Driven by concern over the risks of climate change, a number of countries have
adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas emissions
including emissions from the production and use of oil and gas and their products. These actions are
being taken both independently by national and regional governments and within the framework of
United Nations Conference of the Parties summits under which many countries of the world have
endorsed objectives to reduce the atmospheric concentration of CO2 over the coming decades, with an
ambition ultimately to achieve “net zero”. Net zero means that emissions of greenhouse gases from
human activities would be balanced by actions that remove such gases from the atmosphere.
Expectations for transition of the world’s energy system to lower-emission sources, and ultimately
net-zero, derive from hypothetical scenarios that reflect many assumptions about the future and
reflect substantial uncertainties. The company’s objective to play a leading role in the energy
transition, including the company’s announced ambition ultimately to achieve net zero with respect to
Scope 1 and 2 emissions from operations where ExxonMobil is the operator, carries risks that the
transition, including underlying technologies, policies, and markets as discussed in more detail
below, will not develop at the pace or in the manner expected by current net-zero scenarios. The
success of our strategy for the energy transition will also depend on our ability to recognize key
signposts of change in the global energy system on a timely basis, and our corresponding ability to
direct investment to the technologies and businesses, at the appropriate stage of development, to
best capitalize on our competitive strengths.
Greenhouse gas restrictions. Government actions intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions include
adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, carbon-based import duties or other trade tariffs,
minimum renewable usage requirements, restrictive permitting, increased mileage and other efficiency
standards, mandates for sales of electric vehicles, mandates for use of specific fuels or
technologies, and other incentives or mandates designed to support transitioning to lower-emission
energy sources. Political and other actors and their agents also increasingly seek to advance climate
change objectives indirectly, such as by seeking to reduce the availability or increase the cost of
financing and investment in the oil and gas sector and taking actions intended to promote changes in
business strategy for oil and gas companies. Depending on how policies are formulated and applied,
such policies could negatively affect our investment returns, make our hydrocarbon-based products
more expensive or less competitive, lengthen project implementation times, and reduce demand for
hydrocarbons, as well as shift hydrocarbon demand toward relatively lower-carbon alternatives.
Current and pending greenhouse gas regulations or policies may also increase our compliance costs,
such as for monitoring or sequestering emissions.
Technology and lower-emission solutions. Achieving societal ambitions to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions and ultimately achieve net zero will require new technologies to reduce the cost and
increase the scalability of alternative energy sources, as well as technologies such as carbon
capture and storage (CCS). CCS technologies, focused initially on capturing and sequestering CO2
emissions from high-intensity industrial activities, can assist in meeting society’s objective to
mitigate atmospheric greenhouse gas levels while also helping ensure the availability of the reliable
and affordable energy the world requires. ExxonMobil has established a Low Carbon Solutions (LCS)
business unit to advance the development and deployment of these technologies and projects, including
CCS, hydrogen, and lower-emission fuels, breakthrough energy efficiency processes, advanced energy-
saving materials, and other technologies. The company’s efforts include both in-house research and
development as well as collaborative efforts with leading universities and with commercial partners
involved in advanced lower-emission energy technologies. Our future results and ability to grow our
LCS business, help nations meet their emission-reduction goals, and succeed through the energy
transition will depend in part on the success of these research and collaboration efforts and on our
ability to adapt and apply the strengths of our current business model to providing the energy
products of the future in a cost-competitive manner.
 4 
Policy and market development. The scale of the world’s energy system means that, in addition to
developments in technology as discussed above, a successful energy transition will require
appropriate support from governments and private participants throughout the global economy. Our
ability to develop and deploy CCS and other lower-emission energy technologies at commercial scale,
and the growth and future returns of LCS and other emerging businesses in which we invest, will
depend in part on the continued development of supportive government policies and markets. Failure or
delay of these policies or markets to materialize or be maintained could adversely impact these
investments. Policy and other actions that result in restricting the availability of hydrocarbon
products without commensurate reduction in demand may have unpredictable adverse effects, including
increased commodity price volatility; periods of significantly higher commodity prices and resulting
inflationary pressures; and local or regional energy shortages. Such effects in turn may depress
economic growth or lead to rapid or conflicting shifts in policy by different actors, with resulting
adverse effects on our businesses. In addition, the existence of supportive policies in any
jurisdiction is not a guarantee that those policies will continue in the future. See also the
discussion of “Supply and Demand,” “Government and Political Factors,” and “Operational and Other
Factors” in this Item 1A.
 Operational and Other Factors 
In addition to external economic and political factors, our future business results also depend on
our ability to manage successfully those factors that are, at least in part, within our control. The
extent to which we manage these factors will impact our performance relative to competition. For
projects in which we are not the operator, we depend on the management effectiveness of one or more
co-venturers whom we do not control.
Exploration and development program. Our ability to maintain and grow our oil and gas production
depends on the success of our exploration and development efforts. Among other factors, we must
continuously improve our ability to identify the most promising resource prospects and apply our
project management expertise to bring discovered resources online as scheduled and within budget.
Project and portfolio management. The long-term success of ExxonMobil’s Upstream and Product
Solutions businesses, as well as the future success of LCS and other emerging lower-emission
investments, depends on complex, long-term, capital intensive projects. These projects in turn
require a high degree of project management expertise to maximize efficiency. Specific factors that
can affect the performance of major projects include our ability to: negotiate successfully with
joint venturers, partners, governments, suppliers, customers, or others; model and optimize reservoir
performance; develop markets for project outputs, whether through long-term contracts or the
development of effective spot markets; manage changes in operating conditions and costs, including
costs of third party equipment or services such as drilling rigs and shipping, supply-chain
disruptions, and inflationary cost pressures; prevent, to the extent possible, and respond
effectively to unforeseen technical difficulties that could delay project start-up or cause
unscheduled project downtime; and influence the performance of project operators where ExxonMobil
does not perform that role. In addition to the effective management of individual projects,
ExxonMobil’s success, including our ability to mitigate risk and provide attractive returns to
shareholders, depends on our ability to successfully manage our overall portfolio, including
diversification among types and locations of our projects, products produced, and strategies to
divest assets. We may not be able to divest assets at a price or on the timeline we contemplate in
our strategies. Additionally, we may retain certain liabilities following a divestment and could be
held liable for past use or for different liabilities than anticipated.
The term “project” as used in this report can refer to a variety of different activities and does not
necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment transparency reports.
Operational efficiency. An important component of ExxonMobil’s competitive performance, especially
given the commodity-based nature of many of our businesses, is our ability to operate efficiently,
including our ability to manage expenses and improve production yields on an ongoing basis. This
requires continuous management focus, including technology improvements, cost control, productivity
enhancements, regular reappraisal of our asset portfolio, and the recruitment, development, and
retention of high caliber employees.
Research and development and technological change. To maintain our competitive position, especially
in light of the technological nature of our businesses and the need for continuous efficiency
improvement, ExxonMobil’s technology, research, and development organizations must be successful and
able to adapt to a changing market and policy environment, including developing technologies to help
reduce greenhouse gas emissions. To remain competitive we must also continuously adapt and capture
the benefits of new and emerging technologies, including successfully applying advances in the
ability to process very large amounts of data to our businesses.
Safety, business controls, and environmental risk management. Our results depend on management’s
ability to minimize the inherent risks of oil, gas, and petrochemical operations, to effectively
control our business activities, and to minimize the potential for human error. We apply rigorous
management systems and continuous focus on workplace safety and avoiding spills or other adverse
environmental events. For example, we work to minimize spills through a combined program of effective
operations integrity management, ongoing upgrades, key equipment replacements, and comprehensive
inspection and surveillance. Similarly, we are implementing cost-effective new technologies and
adopting new operating practices to reduce emissions, not only in response to government requirements
but also to address community priorities. We employ a comprehensive enterprise risk management system
to identify and manage risk across our businesses. We also maintain a disciplined framework of
internal controls and apply a controls management system for monitoring compliance with this
framework. Substantial liabilities and other adverse impacts could result if we do not timely
identify and mitigate applicable risks, or if our management systems and controls do not function as
intended.
 5 
Cybersecurity. ExxonMobil is regularly subject to attempted cybersecurity disruptions from a variety
of sources including state-sponsored actors. ExxonMobil’s defensive preparedness includes multi-
layered technological capabilities for prevention and detection of cybersecurity disruptions; non-
technological measures such as threat information sharing with governmental and industry groups;
annual internal training and awareness campaigns including routine testing of employee awareness and
an emphasis on resiliency, including business response and recovery. If the measures we are taking to
protect against cybersecurity disruptions prove to be insufficient or if our proprietary data is
otherwise not protected, ExxonMobil, as well as our customers, employees, or third parties, could be
adversely affected. We are also exposed to potential harm from cybersecurity events that may affect
the operations of third-parties, including our partners, suppliers, service providers (including
providers of cloud-hosting services for our data or applications), and customers. Cybersecurity
disruptions could cause physical harm to people or the environment; damage or destroy assets;
compromise business systems; result in proprietary information being altered, lost, or stolen; result
in employee, customer, or third-party information being compromised; or otherwise disrupt our
business operations. We could incur significant costs to remedy the effects of a major cybersecurity
disruption in addition to costs in connection with resulting regulatory actions, litigation, or
reputational harm.
Preparedness. Our operations may be disrupted by severe weather events, natural disasters, human
error, and similar events. For example, hurricanes may damage our offshore production facilities or
coastal refining and petrochemical plants in vulnerable areas. Our facilities are designed,
engineered, constructed, and operated to withstand a variety of extreme climatic and other
conditions, with safety factors built in to cover a number of uncertainties, including those
associated with wave, wind, and current intensity, marine ice flow patterns, permafrost stability,
storm surge magnitude, temperature extremes, extreme rainfall events, and earthquakes. Our
consideration of changing weather conditions and inclusion of safety factors in design covers the
engineering uncertainties that climate change and other events may potentially introduce. Our ability
to mitigate the adverse impacts of these events depends in part upon the effectiveness of our robust
facility engineering, our rigorous disaster preparedness and response, and business continuity
planning.
Insurance limitations. The ability of the Corporation to insure against many of the risks it faces as
described in this Item 1A is limited by the availability and cost of coverage, which may not be
economic, as well as the capacity of the applicable insurance markets, which may not be sufficient.
Competition. As noted in Item 1 above, the energy and petrochemical industries are highly
competitive. We face competition not only from other private firms, but also from state-owned
companies that are increasingly competing for opportunities outside of their home countries and as
partners with other private firms. In some cases, these state-owned companies may pursue
opportunities in furtherance of strategic objectives of their government owners, with less focus on
financial returns than companies owned by private shareholders, such as ExxonMobil. Technology and
expertise provided by industry service companies may also enhance the competitiveness of firms that
may not have the internal resources and capabilities of ExxonMobil or reduce the need for resource-
owning countries to partner with private-sector oil and gas companies in order to monetize national
resources. As described in more detail above, our hydrocarbon-based energy products are also subject
to growing and, in many cases, government-supported competition from alternative energy sources.
Reputation. Our reputation is an important corporate asset. Factors that could have a negative impact
on our reputation include an operating incident or significant cybersecurity disruption; changes in
consumer views concerning our products; a perception by investors or others that the Corporation is
making insufficient progress with respect to our ambition to play a leading role in the energy
transition, or that pursuit of this ambition may result in allocation of capital to investments with
reduced returns; and other adverse events such as those described in this Item 1A. Negative impacts
on our reputation could in turn make it more difficult for us to compete successfully for new
opportunities, obtain necessary regulatory approvals, obtain financing, and attract talent, or they
could reduce consumer demand for our branded products. ExxonMobil’s reputation may also be harmed by
events which negatively affect the image of our industry as a whole.
Projections, estimates, and descriptions of ExxonMobil’s plans and objectives included or
incorporated in Items 1, 1A, 2, 7, and 7A of this report are forward-looking statements. Actual
future results, including project completion dates, production rates, capital expenditures, costs,
and business plans could differ materially due to, among other things, the factors discussed above
and elsewhere in this report.
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
None.
 6 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
Information with regard to oil and gas producing activities follows:
 1. Disclosure of Reserves 
A. Summary of Oil and Gas Reserves at Year-End 2022
The table below summarizes the oil-equivalent proved reserves in each geographic area and by product
type for consolidated subsidiaries and equity companies. Natural gas is converted to an oil-
equivalent basis at six billion cubic feet per one million barrels. The Corporation has reported
proved reserves on the basis of the average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month during
the last 12-month period. No major discovery or other favorable or adverse event has occurred since
December 31, 2022 that would cause a significant change in the estimated proved reserves as of that
date.
 Natural Oil-Equiv… 
 Proved Crude Gas Bitumen Synthetic Natural Total 
 Reserves Oil Liquids Oil Gas All 
 Products 
 -million -million -million -million -billion -million 
 bbls bbls bbls bbls cubic ft bbls 
 Developed 
 Consolida… 
 Subsidiar… 
 United 1,174 514 — — 9,577 3,284 
 States 
 Canada/Ot… 377 1 2,288 248 371 2,976 
 Americas(… 
 Europe 5 — — — 408 73 
 Africa 236 23 — — 307 310 
 Asia 2,020 47 — — 2,037 2,407 
 Australia… 38 12 — — 3,162 577 
 Total 3,850 597 2,288 248 15,862 9,627 
 Consolida… 
 Equity 
 Companies 
 United 119 7 — — 127 147 
 States 
 Europe 2 — — — 326 56 
 Africa 5 — — — 663 116 
 Asia 235 125 — — 5,020 1,197 
 Total 
 Equity 361 132 — — 6,136 1,516 
 Company 
 Total 4,211 729 2,288 248 21,998 11,143 
 Developed 
 Undevelop… 
 Consolida… 
 Subsidiar… 
 United 1,030 538 — — 4,068 2,246 
 States 
 Canada/Ot… 568 — 132 105 337 861 
 Americas(… 
 Europe — — — — 5 1 
 Africa 35 — — — 5 36 
 Asia 774 39 — — 1,024 983 
 Australia… 28 2 — — 2,846 504 
 Total 2,435 579 132 105 8,285 4,631 
 Consolida… 
 Equity 
 Companies 
 United — — — — — — 
 States 
 Europe — — — — 54 9 
 Africa — — — — — — 
 Asia 521 223 — — 7,289 1,959 
 Total 
 Equity 521 223 — — 7,343 1,968 
 Company 
 Total 2,956 802 132 105 15,628 6,599 
 Undevelop… 
 Total 
 Proved 7,167 1,531 2,420 353 37,626 17,742 
 Reserves 
 (1)Other 
 Americas 
 includes 
 proved 
 developed 
 reserves 
 of 243 
 million 
 barrels of 
 crude oil 
 and 191 
 billion 
 cubic feet 
 of natural 
 gas, as 
 well as 
 proved 
 undevelop… 
 reserves 
 of 549 
 million 
 barrels of 
 crude oil 
 and 311 
 billion 
 cubic feet 
 of natural 
 gas. 
 7 
In the preceding reserves information, consolidated subsidiary and equity company reserves are
reported separately. However, the Corporation operates its business with the same view of equity
company reserves as it has for reserves from consolidated subsidiaries.
The Corporation anticipates several projects will come online over the next few years providing
additional production capacity. However, actual volumes will vary from year to year due to the timing
of individual project start-ups; operational outages; reservoir performance; regulatory changes; the
impact of fiscal and commercial terms; asset sales; weather events; price effects on production
sharing contracts; changes in the amount and timing of capital investments that may vary depending on
the oil and gas price environment; international trade patterns and relations; and other factors
described in Item 1A. Risk Factors.
The estimation of proved reserves, which is based on the requirement of reasonable certainty, is an
ongoing process based on rigorous technical evaluations, commercial and market assessments and
detailed analysis of well and reservoir information such as flow rates and reservoir pressures.
Furthermore, the Corporation only records proved reserves for projects which have received
significant funding commitments by management toward the development of the reserves. Although the
Corporation is reasonably certain that proved reserves will be produced, the timing and amount
recovered can be affected by a number of factors including completion of development projects,
reservoir performance, regulatory approvals, government policies, consumer preferences, and
significant changes in crude oil and natural gas price levels. In addition, proved reserves could be
affected by an extended period of low prices which could reduce the level of the Corporation’s
capital spending and also impact our partners’ capacity to fund their share of joint projects.
B. Technologies Used in Establishing Proved Reserves Additions in 2022
Additions to ExxonMobil’s proved reserves in 2022 were based on estimates generated through the
integration of available and appropriate geological, engineering and production data, utilizing well-
established technologies that have been demonstrated in the field to yield repeatable and consistent
results.
Data used in these integrated assessments included information obtained directly from the subsurface
via wellbores, such as well logs, reservoir core samples, fluid samples, static and dynamic pressure
information, production test data, and surveillance and performance information. The data utilized
also included subsurface information obtained through indirect measurements including high-quality
3‑D and 4‑D seismic data, calibrated with available well control information. The tools used to
interpret the data included seismic processing software, reservoir modeling and simulation software,
and data analysis packages.
In some circumstances, where appropriate analog reservoirs were available, reservoir parameters from
these analogs were used to increase the quality of and confidence in the reserves estimates.
C. Qualifications of Reserves Technical Oversight Group and Internal Controls over Proved Reserves
ExxonMobil has a dedicated Global Reserves and Resources group that provides technical oversight and
is separate from the operating organization. Primary responsibilities of this group include oversight
of the reserves estimation process for compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules
and regulations, review of annual changes in reserves estimates, and the reporting of ExxonMobil’s
proved reserves. This group also maintains the official company reserves estimates for ExxonMobil’s
proved reserves of crude oil, natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil, and natural gas. In
addition, the group provides training to personnel involved in the reserves estimation and reporting
process within ExxonMobil and its affiliates. The Global Reserves and Resources Manager has more than
30 years of experience in reservoir engineering and reserves assessment, has a degree in Engineering,
and served on the Oil and Gas Reserves Committee of the Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE). The
group is staffed with individuals that have an average of more than 15 years of technical experience
in the petroleum industry, including expertise in the classification and categorization of reserves
under SEC guidelines. This group includes individuals who hold degrees in either Engineering or
Geology.
The Global Reserves and Resources group maintains a central database containing the official company
reserves estimates. Appropriate controls, including limitations on database access and update
capabilities, are in place to ensure data integrity within this central database. An annual review of
the system’s controls is performed by internal audit. Key components of the reserves estimation
process include technical evaluations, commercial and market assessments, analysis of well and field
performance, and long-standing approval guidelines. No changes may be made to the reserves estimates
in the central database, including additions of any new initial reserves estimates or subsequent
revisions, unless these changes have been thoroughly reviewed and evaluated by duly authorized
geoscience and engineering professionals within the operating organization. In addition, changes to
reserves estimates that exceed certain thresholds require further review and approval by the
appropriate level of management within the operating organization before the changes may be made in
the central database. Endorsement by the Global Reserves and Resources group for all proved reserves
changes is a mandatory component of this review process. After all changes are made, reviews are held
with senior management for final endorsement.
 8 
 2. Proved Undeveloped Reserves 
At year-end 2022, approximately 6.6 billion oil-equivalent barrels (GOEB) of ExxonMobil’s proved
reserves were classified as proved undeveloped. This represents 37 percent of the 17.7 GOEB reported
in proved reserves. This compares to 6.3 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves reported at the end of
2021. During the year, ExxonMobil conducted development activities that resulted in the transfer of
approximately 1.0 GOEB from proved undeveloped to proved developed reserves by year end. The largest
transfers were related to development activities in the United States, Mozambique, Guyana, and the
United Arab Emirates. During 2022, extensions and discoveries, primarily in the United States and
Guyana, resulted in the addition of approximately 1.4 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves, along with
an increase of approximately 0.7 GOEB due to purchases in Asia. Also, the Corporation reclassified
approximately 0.8 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves which no longer met the SEC definition of
proved reserves, primarily in the United States and Canada.
Overall, investments of $12.1 billion were made by the Corporation during 2022 to progress the
development of reported proved undeveloped reserves, including $12.0 billion for oil and gas
producing activities, along with additional investments for other non-oil and gas producing
activities such as the construction of support infrastructure and other related facilities. These
investments represented 71 percent of the $17.0 billion in total reported Upstream capital and
exploration expenditures.
One of ExxonMobil’s requirements for reporting proved reserves is that management has made
significant funding commitments toward the development of the reserves. ExxonMobil has a disciplined
investment strategy and many major fields require long lead-time in order to be developed.
Development projects typically take several years from the time of recording proved undeveloped
reserves to the start of production and can exceed five years for large and complex projects. Proved
undeveloped reserves in Australia, Kazakhstan, the United States, and the United Arab Emirates have
remained undeveloped for five years or more primarily due to constraints on the capacity of
infrastructure, as well as the time required to complete development for very large projects. The
Corporation is reasonably certain that these proved reserves will be produced; however, the timing
and amount recovered can be affected by a number of factors including completion of development
projects, reservoir performance, regulatory approvals, government policies, consumer preferences, the
pace of co-venturer/government funding, changes in the amount and timing of capital investments, and
significant changes in crude oil and natural gas price levels. Of the proved undeveloped reserves
that have been reported for five or more years, over 80 percent are contained in the aforementioned
countries. In Australia, proved undeveloped reserves are associated with future compression for the
Gorgon Jansz LNG project. In Kazakhstan, the proved undeveloped reserves are related to the remainder
of the Tengizchevroil joint venture development that includes a production license in the Tengiz -
Korolev field complex. The Tengizchevroil joint venture is producing, and proved undeveloped reserves
will continue to move to proved developed as approved development phases progress. In the United Arab
Emirates, proved undeveloped reserves are associated with an approved development plan and continued
drilling investment for the producing Upper Zakum field.
 9 
3. Oil and Gas Production, Production Prices and Production Costs
 A. Oil and Gas Production 
The table below summarizes production by final product sold and by geographic area for the last three
years.
 (thousands 
 of barrels 2022 2021 2020 
 daily) 
 Crude Oil NGL Crude Oil NGL Crude Oil NGL 
 Crude oil 
 and 
 natural 
 gas 
 liquids 
 production 
 Consolida… 
 Subsidiar… 
 United 523 211 482 195 481 154 
 States 
 Canada/Ot… 196 2 130 3 121 5 
 Americas(… 
 Europe 2 — 16 3 22 5 
 Africa 233 5 241 7 301 11 
 Asia 407 23 407 21 449 23 
 Australia… 27 16 28 15 29 15 
 Total 
 Consolida… 1,388 257 1,304 244 1,403 213 
 Subsidiar… 
 Equity 
 Companies 
 United 41 1 43 1 49 1 
 States 
 Europe 2 — 3 — 3 — 
 Africa — — — — — — 
 Asia 216 59 207 60 208 62 
 Total 
 Equity 259 60 253 61 260 63 
 Companies 
 Total 
 crude oil 
 and 
 natural 1,647 317 1,557 305 1,663 276 
 gas 
 liquids 
 production 
 Bitumen 
 production 
 Consolida… 
 Subsidiar… 
 Canada/Ot… 327 365 342 
 Americas 
 Synthetic 
 oil 
 production 
 Consolida… 
 Subsidiar… 
 Canada/Ot… 63 62 68 
 Americas 
 Total 
 liquids 2,354 2,289 2,349 
 production 
 (millions 
 of cubic 
 feet 
 daily) 
 Natural 
 gas 
 production 
 available 
 for 
 sale 
 Consolida… 
 Subsidiar… 
 United 2,531 2,724 2,668 
 States 
 Canada/Ot… 148 195 277 
 Americas(… 
 Europe 306 377 447 
 Africa 64 43 9 
 Asia 779 807 872 
 Australia… 1,440 1,280 1,219 
 Total 
 Consolida… 5,268 5,426 5,492 
 Subsidiar… 
 Equity 
 Companies 
 United 20 22 23 
 States 
 Europe 361 431 342 
 Africa 7 — — 
 Asia 2,639 2,658 2,614 
 Total 
 Equity 3,027 3,111 2,979 
 Companies 
 Total 
 natural 
 gas 8,295 8,537 8,471 
 production 
 available 
 for sale 
 (thousands 
 of 
 oil-equiv… 
 barrels 
 daily) 
 Oil-equiv… 3,737 3,712 3,761 
 production 
 (1)Other 
 Americas 
 includes 
 crude oil 
 production 
 for 2022, 
 2021, and 
 2020 of 
 120 
 thousand, 
 48 
 thousand, 
 and 29 
 thousand 
 barrels 
 daily, 
 respectiv… 
 and 
 natural 
 gas 
 production 
 available 
 for 
 sale for 
 2022, 
 2021, and 
 2020 of 45 
 million, 
 36 
 million, 
 and 45 
 million 
 cubic feet 
 daily, 
 respectiv… 
 10 
 B. Production Prices and Production Costs 
The table below summarizes average production prices and average production costs by geographic area
and by product type for the last three years.
 United Canada/ Australia/ 
 (dollars per unit) States Other Europe Africa Asia Oceania Total 
 Americas 
 2022 
 Consolidated 
 Subsidiaries 
 Average production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per barrel 93.60 97.05 91.32 103.45 94.94 94.43 96.16 
 NGL, per barrel 38.54 45.22 71.43 57.83 35.77 46.91 39.37 
 Natural gas, per 5.37 4.40 21.17 2.57 2.60 11.47 7.48 
 thousand cubic feet 
 Bitumen, per barrel — 64.12 — — — — 64.12 
 Synthetic oil, per — 96.08 — — — — 96.08 
 barrel 
 Average production 
 costs, per 9.40 24.63 23.77 21.68 7.31 4.97 13.09 
 oil-equivalent barrel - 
 total 
 Average production 
 costs, per barrel - — 29.90 — — — — 29.90 
 bitumen 
 Average production 
 costs, per barrel - — 51.52 — — — — 51.52 
 synthetic oil 
 Equity Companies 
 Average production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per barrel 94.58 — 90.91 60.00 94.32 — 94.32 
 NGL, per barrel 39.53 — — — 59.52 — 59.05 
 Natural gas, per 5.49 — 21.10 2.72 13.08 — 13.97 
 thousand cubic feet 
 Average production 
 costs, per 40.42 — 26.86 42.24 1.45 — 5.57 
 oil-equivalent barrel - 
 total 
 Total 
 Average production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per barrel 93.67 97.05 91.15 103.42 94.73 94.43 95.88 
 NGL, per barrel 38.55 45.22 71.43 57.83 52.85 46.91 43.09 
 Natural gas, per 5.37 4.40 21.14 2.59 10.70 11.47 9.85 
 thousand cubic feet 
 Bitumen, per barrel — 64.12 — — — — 64.12 
 Synthetic oil, per — 96.08 — — — — 96.08 
 barrel 
 Average production 
 costs, per 10.57 24.63 25.43 21.79 4.02 4.97 11.43 
 oil-equivalent barrel - 
 total 
 Average production 
 costs, per barrel - — 29.90 — — — — 29.90 
 bitumen 
 Average production 
 costs, per barrel - — 51.52 — — — — 51.52 
 synthetic oil 
 2021 
 Consolidated 
 Subsidiaries 
 Average production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per barrel 65.03 68.56 66.20 70.21 67.28 69.00 67.14 
 NGL, per barrel 32.24 30.51 42.31 54.57 32.62 43.07 33.65 
 Natural gas, per 3.02 2.92 11.83 1.67 2.11 6.64 4.33 
 thousand cubic feet 
 Bitumen, per barrel — 44.26 — — — — 44.26 
 Synthetic oil, per — 64.73 — — — — 64.73 
 barrel 
 Average production 
 costs, per 8.33 22.47 25.31 18.92 7.16 5.14 12.15 
 oil-equivalent barrel - 
 total 
 Average production 
 costs, per barrel - — 22.69 — — — — 22.69 
 bitumen 
 Average production 
 costs, per barrel - — 48.87 — — — — 48.87 
 synthetic oil 
 Equity Companies 
 Average production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per barrel 67.06 — 62.60 — 65.85 — 66.01 
 NGL, per barrel 29.94 — — — 52.14 — 51.64 
 Natural gas, per 3.11 — 8.19 — 6.54 — 6.74 
 thousand cubic feet 
 Average production 
 costs, per 30.51 — 38.82 — 1.59 — 6.67 
 oil-equivalent barrel - 
 total 
 Total 
 Average production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per barrel 65.20 68.56 65.54 70.21 66.80 69.00 66.96 
 NGL, per barrel 32.23 30.51 42.31 54.57 47.10 43.07 37.27 
 Natural gas, per 3.02 2.92 9.89 1.67 5.50 6.64 5.21 
 thousand cubic feet 
 Bitumen, per barrel — 44.26 — — — — 44.26 
 Synthetic oil, per — 64.73 — — — — 64.73 
 barrel 
 Average production 
 costs, per 9.24 22.47 31.79 19.04 4.06 5.14 10.92 
 oil-equivalent barrel - 
 total 
 Average production 
 costs, per barrel - — 22.69 — — — — 22.69 
 bitumen 
 Average production 
 costs, per barrel - — 48.87 — — — — 48.87 
 synthetic oil 
 11 
 United Canada/ Australia/ 
 (dollars per unit) States Other Europe Africa Asia Oceania Total 
 Americas 
 2020 
 Consolidated 
 Subsidiaries 
 Average production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per barrel 34.97 37.26 41.39 42.27 39.39 36.67 38.31 
 NGL, per barrel 13.83 10.34 20.11 21.32 21.37 27.92 16.05 
 Natural gas, per 0.98 1.56 3.13 1.24 1.49 4.34 2.01 
 thousand cubic feet 
 Bitumen, per barrel — 17.71 — — — — 17.71 
 Synthetic oil, per — 37.32 — — — — 37.32 
 barrel 
 Average production 
 costs, per 9.82 18.40 21.22 16.67 6.50 5.35 11.57 
 oil-equivalent barrel - 
 total 
 Average production 
 costs, per barrel - — 19.22 — — — — 19.22 
 bitumen 
 Average production 
 costs, per barrel - — 33.61 — — — — 33.61 
 synthetic oil 
 Equity Companies 
 Average production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per barrel 39.10 — 38.95 — 35.18 — 35.97 
 NGL, per barrel 11.05 — — — 30.02 — 29.58 
 Natural gas, per 1.19 — 3.85 — 3.14 — 3.20 
 thousand cubic feet 
 Average production 
 costs, per 25.13 — 30.74 — 1.63 — 5.34 
 oil-equivalent barrel - 
 total 
 Total 
 Average production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per barrel 35.35 37.26 41.11 42.27 38.07 36.67 37.95 
 NGL, per barrel 13.80 10.34 20.11 21.32 27.65 27.92 19.16 
 Natural gas, per 0.98 1.56 3.44 1.24 2.72 4.34 2.43 
 thousand cubic feet 
 Bitumen, per barrel — 17.71 — — — — 17.71 
 Synthetic oil, per — 37.32 — — — — 37.32 
 barrel 
 Average production 
 costs, per 10.55 18.40 24.76 16.73 3.91 5.35 10.21 
 oil-equivalent barrel - 
 total 
 Average production 
 costs, per barrel - — 19.22 — — — — 19.22 
 bitumen 
 Average production 
 costs, per barrel - — 33.61 — — — — 33.61 
 synthetic oil 
Average production prices have been calculated by using sales quantities from the Corporation’s own
production as the divisor. Average production costs have been computed by using net production
quantities for the divisor. The volumes of crude oil and natural gas liquids (NGL) production used
for this computation are shown in the oil and gas production table in section 3.A. The volumes of
natural gas used in the calculation are the production volumes of natural gas available for sale and
are also shown in section 3.A. The natural gas available for sale volumes are different from those
shown in the reserves table in the “Oil and Gas Reserves” part of the “Supplemental Information on
Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Activities” portion of the Financial Section of this report
due to volumes consumed or flared. Natural gas is converted to an oil-equivalent basis at six million
cubic feet per one thousand barrels.
 12 
4. Drilling and Other Exploratory and Development Activities
 A. Number of Net Productive and Dry Wells Drilled 
 2022 2021 2020 
 Net Productive Exploratory Wells Drilled 
 Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 United States 1 1 4 
 Canada/Other Americas 3 5 2 
 Europe — — — 
 Africa — — 1 
 Asia — — — 
 Australia/Oceania — — — 
 Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 4 6 7 
 Equity Companies 
 United States — — — 
 Europe — — — 
 Africa — — — 
 Asia — — — 
 Total Equity Companies — — — 
 Total productive exploratory wells 4 6 7 
 drilled 
 Net Dry Exploratory Wells Drilled 
 Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 United States — 1 — 
 Canada/Other Americas 4 3 1 
 Europe — — — 
 Africa — — — 
 Asia — — 1 
 Australia/Oceania — — — 
 Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 4 4 2 
 Equity Companies 
 United States — — — 
 Europe — — — 
 Africa — — — 
 Asia — — — 
 Total Equity Companies — — — 
 Total dry exploratory wells drilled 4 4 2 
 13 
 2022 2021 2020 
 Net Productive Development Wells Drilled 
 Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 United States 473 433 412 
 Canada/Other Americas 33 28 36 
 Europe — 1 2 
 Africa 3 1 2 
 Asia 5 4 15 
 Australia/Oceania — — 4 
 Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 514 467 471 
 Equity Companies 
 United States 49 13 60 
 Europe — 1 1 
 Africa — 1 — 
 Asia 10 5 5 
 Total Equity Companies 59 20 66 
 Total productive development wells 573 487 537 
 drilled 
 Net Dry Development Wells Drilled 
 Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 United States — 4 6 
 Canada/Other Americas — — — 
 Europe — — — 
 Africa — — — 
 Asia — — — 
 Australia/Oceania — — 1 
 Total Consolidated Subsidiaries — 4 7 
 Equity Companies 
 United States — — — 
 Europe — — — 
 Africa — — — 
 Asia — — — 
 Total Equity Companies — — — 
 Total dry development wells drilled — 4 7 
 Total number of net wells drilled 581 501 553 
 14 
B. Exploratory and Development Activities Regarding Oil and Gas Resources Extracted by Mining
Technologies
Syncrude Operations. Syncrude is a joint venture established to recover shallow deposits of oil sands
using open-pit mining methods to extract the crude bitumen, and then upgrade it to produce a high-
quality, light (32 degrees API), sweet, synthetic crude oil. Imperial Oil Limited is the owner of a
25 percent interest in the joint venture. Exxon Mobil Corporation has a 69.6 percent interest in
Imperial Oil Limited. In 2022, the company’s share of net production of synthetic crude oil was about
63 thousand barrels per day and share of net acreage was about 55 thousand acres in the Athabasca oil
sands deposit.
Kearl Operations. Kearl is a joint venture established to recover shallow deposits of oil sands using
open-pit mining methods to extract the crude bitumen. Imperial Oil Limited holds a 70.96 percent
interest in the joint venture and ExxonMobil Canada Properties holds the other 29.04 percent. Exxon
Mobil Corporation has a 69.6 percent interest in Imperial Oil Limited and a 100 percent interest in
ExxonMobil Canada Properties. Kearl is comprised of six oil sands leases covering about 49 thousand
acres in the Athabasca oil sands deposit.
Kearl is located approximately 40 miles north of Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada. Bitumen is extracted
from oil sands and processed through bitumen extraction and froth treatment trains. The product, a
blend of bitumen and diluent, is shipped to our refineries and to other third parties. Diluent is
natural gas condensate or other light hydrocarbons added to the crude bitumen to facilitate
transportation by pipeline and rail. During 2022, average net production at Kearl was about 221
thousand barrels per day.
 5. Present Activities 
 A. Wells Drilling 
 Wells Drilling Year-End 2022 Year-End 2021 
 Gross Net Gross Net 
 Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 United States 804 472 1,059 588 
 Canada/Other Americas 54 40 44 33 
 Europe 2 1 2 1 
 Africa 10 2 11 2 
 Asia 18 5 11 3 
 Australia/Oceania 1 — — — 
 Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 889 520 1,127 627 
 Equity Companies 
 United States 13 2 12 — 
 Europe — — — — 
 Africa — — — — 
 Asia 8 3 2 1 
 Total Equity Companies 21 5 14 1 
 Total gross and net wells drilling 910 525 1,141 628 
 15 
 B. Review of Principal Ongoing Activities 
 United States 
ExxonMobil’s year-end 2022 acreage holdings totaled 9.5 million net acres, of which 0.2 million net
acres were offshore. In 2022, ExxonMobil relinquished 1 million net acres, of which 0.2 million were
offshore. ExxonMobil was active in areas onshore and offshore in the lower 48 states and in Alaska.
Development activities continued on the Golden Pass liquefied natural gas export project.
During the year, a total of 519.9 net exploratory and development wells were completed in the inland
lower 48 states. Development activities focused on liquids-rich opportunities in the onshore U.S.,
primarily in the Permian Basin of West Texas and New Mexico.
ExxonMobil’s net acreage in the Gulf of Mexico at year-end 2022 was 0.1 million acres. A total of 0.9
net development wells were completed during the year.
Participation in Alaska production and development continued with a total of 2.6 net development
wells completed.
 Canada / Other Americas 
Canada
Oil and Gas Operations: ExxonMobil’s year-end 2022 acreage holdings totaled 4.3 million net acres, of
which 2.5 million net acres were offshore. In 2022, ExxonMobil relinquished 2.5 million net acres, of
which 1.5 million were offshore. A total of 1.3 net exploratory and development wells were completed
during the year.
In Situ Bitumen Operations: ExxonMobil’s year-end 2022 in situ bitumen acreage holdings totaled 0.5
million net onshore acres. A total of 24 net development wells at Cold Lake were completed during the
year.
Argentina
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 2.9 million acres at year-end 2022, of which 2.6 million net acres
were offshore. During the year, a total of 5.4 net development wells were completed.
Brazil
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 2.6 million offshore acres at year-end 2022. During the year, a
total of 1.5 net exploratory wells were completed. Development activities continued on the Bacalhau
Phase 1 project.
Guyana
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 4.6 million offshore acres at year-end 2022. During the year, a
total of 6 net exploratory and development wells were completed. The Liza Phase 2 Unity floating
production, storage and offloading vessel commenced operations, and development activities continued
on the Payara project. The Yellowtail project was funded in 2022.
 Europe 
Germany
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 1.4 million onshore acres at year-end 2022.
Netherlands
ExxonMobil’s net interest in licenses totaled 1.4 million acres at year-end 2022, of which 0.4
million acres were offshore. During the year, a total of 0.2 net development well was completed. In
2022, the Dutch Government further reduced Groningen gas extraction and continues to evaluate the
timing for cessation of production.
United Kingdom
ExxonMobil’s net interest in licenses totaled 0.1 million offshore acres at year-end 2022.
 16 
 Africa 
Angola
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 3 million acres at year-end 2022, of which 2.9 million net acres
were offshore. During the year, a total of 3.3 net exploratory and development wells were completed.
Equatorial Guinea
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.1 million offshore acres at year-end 2022.
Mozambique
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.7 million offshore acres at year-end 2022. In 2022, ExxonMobil
relinquished 1 million net offshore acres outside of the core Area 4 development. The Coral South
Floating LNG development began production in October 2022.
Nigeria
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.9 million offshore acres at year-end 2022. During the year, a
total of 0.4 net exploratory and development wells were completed.
 Asia 
Azerbaijan
ExxonMobil's net acreage totaled 7 thousand offshore acres at year-end 2022. During the year, a total
of 1 net development wells were completed.
Indonesia
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.1 million onshore acres at year-end 2022.
Iraq
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 36 thousand onshore acres at year-end 2022. During the year, a total
of 0.3 net development well was completed. Oil field rehabilitation activities continued during 2022
and across the life of this project will include drilling of new wells; working over of existing
wells; and optimization, debottlenecking and expansion of facilities.
Kazakhstan
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.3 million acres at year-end 2022, of which 0.2 million net acres
were offshore. During the year, a total of 2.3 net development wells were completed. Development
activities continued on the Tengiz Expansion project.
Malaysia
ExxonMobil’s interests in production sharing contracts covered 0.2 million net offshore acres at
year-end 2022.
Qatar
Through our joint ventures with QatarEnergy, ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 80 thousand offshore
acres at year-end 2022. ExxonMobil participated in 52.3 million tonnes per year gross liquefied
natural gas capacity and 3.4 billion cubic feet per day of flowing gas capacity at year end. During
the year, a total of 8.2 net development wells were completed. The North Field Production Sustainment
Compression project was funded in 2022. ExxonMobil also announced participation in Qatar's North
Field East project via the Qatar Liquefied Gas Company Limited (QG7) venture, representing 18.5
thousand net acres and 8 million tonnes per year gross liquefied natural gas capacity expected to
begin in 2026.
Russia
Effective October 14, 2022, the Russian government unilaterally terminated the Corporation's
interests in Sakhalin, transferring operations to a Russian operator.
Refer to "Note 2: Russia" of the Financial Section of this report for additional information.
Thailand
ExxonMobil’s net onshore acreage in Thailand concessions totaled 16 thousand acres at year-end 2022.
During the year, a total of 0.1 net development well was completed.
 17 
United Arab Emirates
ExxonMobil’s net acreage in the Abu Dhabi offshore Upper Zakum oil concession was 81 thousand acres
at year-end 2022. During the year, a total of 2.8 net development wells were completed. Development
activities continued on the Upper Zakum 1 MBD Sustainment project.
 Australia / Oceania 
Australia
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 1.2 million offshore acres and 10 thousand onshore acres at year-end
2022. In 2022, 0.6 million net offshore acres were relinquished.
The co-venturer-operated Gorgon Jansz liquefied natural gas (LNG) development consists of a subsea
infrastructure for offshore production and transportation of the gas, a 15.6 million tonnes per year
LNG facility and a 280 million cubic feet per day domestic gas plant located on Barrow Island,
Western Australia. Development activities continued on the Gorgon Stage 2 project and Jansz Io
Compression project during the year.
Papua New Guinea
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 2.1 million onshore acres at year-end 2022. In 2022, ExxonMobil
relinquished 1.2 million net offshore acres. The Papua New Guinea (PNG) liquefied natural gas
integrated development includes gas production and processing facilities in the PNG Highlands,
onshore and offshore pipelines, and a 6.9 million tonnes per year liquefied natural gas facility near
Port Moresby.
 Worldwide Exploration 
At year-end 2022, exploration activities were under way in several areas in which ExxonMobil has no
established production operations and thus are not included above. A total of 18.8 million net acres
were held at year-end 2022 and 1.2 net exploratory wells were completed during the year in these
countries.
 6. Delivery Commitments 
ExxonMobil sells crude oil and natural gas from its producing operations under a variety of
contractual obligations, some of which may specify the delivery of a fixed and determinable quantity
for periods longer than one year. ExxonMobil also enters into natural gas sales contracts where the
source of the natural gas used to fulfill the contract can be a combination of our own production and
the spot market. Worldwide, we are contractually committed to deliver approximately 36 million
barrels of oil and 2.3 trillion cubic feet of natural gas for the period from 2023 through 2025. We
expect to fulfill the majority of these delivery commitments with production from our proved
developed reserves. Any remaining commitments will be fulfilled with production from our proved
undeveloped reserves and purchases on the open market as necessary.
 18 
 7. Oil and Gas Properties, Wells, Operations and Acreage 
 A. Gross and Net Productive Wells 
 Gross 
 and Net Year-End Year-End 
 Produc… 2022 2021 
 Wells 
 Oil Gas Oil Gas 
 Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net 
 Consol… 
 Subsid… 
 United 19,006 7,576 11,495 7,516 19,401 7,566 18,670 10,773 
 States 
 Canada… 4,394 4,310 2,903 1,033 4,656 4,548 3,209 1,247 
 Americ… 
 Europe 536 127 433 205 439 116 441 207 
 Africa 590 191 24 10 1,102 416 24 10 
 Asia 999 318 147 86 1,038 333 137 80 
 Austra… 473 89 92 38 522 99 94 40 
 Total 
 Consol… 25,998 12,611 15,094 8,888 27,158 13,078 22,575 12,357 
 Subsid… 
 Equity 
 Compan… 
 United 12,068 4,777 3,341 331 12,108 4,793 3,355 333 
 States 
 Europe 57 20 482 150 57 20 547 171 
 Africa — — 6 2 — — — — 
 Asia 233 58 145 33 225 56 168 35 
 Total 
 Equity 12,358 4,855 3,974 516 12,390 4,869 4,070 539 
 Compan… 
 Total 
 gross 
 and net 38,356 17,466 19,068 9,404 39,548 17,947 26,645 12,896 
 produc… 
 wells 
There were 19,571 gross and 17,165 net operated wells at year-end 2022 and 23,645 gross and 20,528
net operated wells at year-end 2021. The number of wells with multiple completions was 1,010 gross in
2022 and 1,082 gross in 2021.
 19 
 B. Gross and Net Developed Acreage 
 Gross and Net 
 Developed Acreage Year-End 2022 Year-End 2021 
 (thousands of acres) 
 Gross Net Gross Net 
 Consolidated 
 Subsidiaries 
 United States 11,022 6,681 12,180 7,503 
 Canada/Other 2,113 1,509 2,905 2,075 
 Americas(1) 
 Europe(2) 1,238 580 1,234 580 
 Africa 2,186 736 2,409 818 
 Asia 1,582 462 1,929 557 
 Australia/Oceania 3,242 1,067 3,242 1,067 
 Total Consolidated 21,383 11,035 23,899 12,600 
 Subsidiaries 
 Equity Companies 
 United States 702 166 687 163 
 Europe 3,646 1,117 3,646 1,116 
 Africa 178 44 — — 
 Asia 665 157 701 160 
 Total Equity 5,191 1,484 5,034 1,439 
 Companies 
 Total gross and net 26,574 12,519 28,933 14,039 
 developed acreage 
 (1)Includes 
 developed acreage in 
 Other Americas of 
 490 gross and 311 
 net thousands of 
 acres for 2022 and 
 2021. 
 (2)Year-end 2021 
 developed acreage in 
 Europe was restated 
 for gross and net. 
Separate acreage data for oil and gas are not maintained because, in many instances, both are
produced from the same acreage.
 C. Gross and Net Undeveloped Acreage 
 Gross and Net 
 Undeveloped Acreage Year-End 2022 Year-End 2021 
 (thousands of acres) 
 Gross Net Gross Net 
 Consolidated 
 Subsidiaries 
 United States 6,455 2,587 6,751 2,807 
 Canada/Other 32,441 15,838 36,764 18,246 
 Americas(1) 
 Europe(2) 12,592 8,231 14,811 6,163 
 Africa 20,620 13,113 23,797 15,186 
 Asia 766 227 766 227 
 Australia/Oceania 4,811 2,309 8,638 4,112 
 Total Consolidated 77,685 42,305 91,527 46,741 
 Subsidiaries 
 Equity Companies 
 United States 150 61 159 64 
 Europe 482 131 596 139 
 Africa 418 104 596 149 
 Asia 296 19 — — 
 Total Equity 1,346 315 1,351 352 
 Companies 
 Total gross and net 79,031 42,620 92,878 47,093 
 undeveloped acreage 
 (1)Includes 
 undeveloped acreage 
 in Other Americas of 
 25,096 gross and 
 11,977 net thousands 
 of acres for 2022 
 and 26,084 gross and 
 12,471 net thousands 
 of acres for 2021. 
 (2)Year-end 2021 
 undeveloped acreage 
 in Europe was 
 restated for gross 
 and net. 
ExxonMobil’s investment in developed and undeveloped acreage is comprised of numerous concessions,
blocks, and leases. The terms and conditions under which the Corporation maintains exploration and/or
production rights to the acreage are property-specific, contractually defined, and vary significantly
from property to property. Work programs are designed to ensure that the exploration potential of any
property is fully evaluated before expiration. In some instances, the Corporation may elect to
relinquish acreage in advance of the contractual expiration date if the evaluation process is
complete and there is not a business basis for extension. In cases where additional time may be
required to fully evaluate acreage, the Corporation has generally been successful in obtaining
extensions. The scheduled expiration of leases and concessions for undeveloped acreage over the next
three years is not expected to have a material adverse impact on the Corporation.
 20 
 D. Summary of Acreage Terms 
 United States 
Oil and gas exploration and production rights are acquired from mineral interest owners through a
lease. Mineral interest owners include the Federal and State governments, as well as private mineral
interest owners. Leases typically have an exploration period ranging from one to 10 years, and a
production period that normally remains in effect until production ceases. Under certain
circumstances, a lease may be held beyond its exploration term even if production has not commenced.
In some instances regarding private property, a “fee interest” is acquired where the underlying
mineral interests are owned outright.
 Canada / Other Americas 
Canada
Exploration licenses or leases in onshore areas are acquired for varying periods of time with
renewals or extensions possible. These licenses or leases entitle the holder to continue existing
licenses or leases upon completing specified work. In general, these license and lease agreements are
held as long as there is proven production capability on the licenses and leases. Exploration
licenses in offshore eastern Canada and the Beaufort Sea are held by work commitments of various
amounts and rentals. They are valid for a term of nine years. Offshore production licenses are valid
for 25 years, with rights of extension for continued production. Significant discovery licenses in
the offshore relating to currently undeveloped discoveries do not have a definite term.
Argentina
The Federal Hydrocarbon Law was amended in 2014. Pursuant to the amended law, the production term for
an onshore unconventional concession is 35 years and 25 years for a conventional concession, with
unlimited 10-year extensions possible once a field has been developed. In 2019, the government
granted three offshore exploration licenses, with terms of eight years, divided into two exploration
periods of four years, with an optional extension of five years for each license.
Brazil
The exploration and production of oil and gas are governed by concession contracts and production
sharing contracts. Concession contracts provide for an exploration period of up to eight years and a
production period of 27 years. Production sharing contracts provide for an exploration period of up
to seven years and a production period of up to 28 years.
Guyana
The Petroleum (Exploration and Production) Act authorizes the government of Guyana to grant petroleum
prospecting and production licenses and to enter into petroleum agreements for the exploration and
production of hydrocarbons. Petroleum agreements provide for an exploration period of up to 10 years
and a production period of 20 years, with a 10-year extension.
 Europe 
Germany
Exploration concessions are granted for an initial maximum period of five years, with an unlimited
number of extensions up to three years each. Extensions are subject to specific minimum work
commitments. Production licenses are normally granted for 20 to 25 years with multiple possible
extensions subject to production on the license.
Netherlands
Under the Mining Law, effective January 1, 2003, exploration and production licenses for both onshore
and offshore areas are issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license. The term is based on
the period of time necessary to perform the activities for which the license is issued. License
conditions are stipulated in the license and are based on the Mining Law.
Production rights granted prior to January 1, 2003, remain subject to their existing terms and differ
slightly for onshore and offshore areas. Onshore production licenses issued prior to 1988 were
indefinite; from 1988 they were issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license, ranging
from 35 to 45 years. Offshore production licenses issued before 1976 were issued for a fixed period
of 40 years; from 1976 they were again issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license,
ranging from 15 to 40 years.
 21 
United Kingdom
Acreage terms are fixed by the government and are periodically changed. For example, many of the
early licenses issued under the first four licensing rounds provided an initial term of six years
with relinquishment of at least one-half of the original area at the end of the initial term, subject
to extension for a further 40 years. At the end of any such 40-year term, licenses may continue in
producing areas until cessation of production; or licenses may continue in development areas for
periods agreed on a case-by-case basis until they become producing areas; or licenses terminate in
all other areas. The majority of traditional licenses currently issued have an initial exploration
term of four years with a second term extension of four years, and a final production term of 18
years, with a mandatory relinquishment of 50 percent of the acreage after the initial term and of all
acreage that is not covered by a development plan at the end of the second term.
 Africa 
Angola
Exploration and production activities are governed by either production sharing agreements or other
contracts with initial exploration terms ranging from three to four years with options to extend from
one to five years. The production periods range from 20 to 30 years, and the agreements generally
provide for negotiated extensions.
Equatorial Guinea
Exploration, development and production activities are governed by production sharing contracts
negotiated with the State Ministry of Mines and Hydrocarbons. The production period for crude oil is
30 years.
Mozambique
Exploration and production activities are generally governed by concession contracts with the
Government of the Republic of Mozambique, represented by the Ministry of Mineral Resources and
Energy. An interest in Area 4 offshore Mozambique was acquired in 2017. Terms for Area 4 are governed
by the Exploration and Production Concession Contract (EPCC) for Area 4 Offshore of the Rovuma Block.
The EPCC expires 30 years after an approved plan of development becomes effective for a given
discovery area.
In 2018, an interest was acquired in offshore blocks A5-B, Z5-C, and Z5-D. Terms for the three blocks
are governed by their respective EPCCs, with blocks Z5-C and Z5-D having an initial exploration phase
that expired in 2022, resulting in a relinquishment of acreage in those blocks. Block A5-B's initial
exploration phase expires in 2023. A5-B's EPCC provides a development and production period that
expires 30 years after the approval of a plan of development.
Nigeria
Exploration and production activities in the deepwater offshore areas are typically governed by
production sharing contracts (PSCs) with the national oil company, the Nigerian National Petroleum
Corporation (NNPC). NNPC typically holds the underlying Oil Prospecting License (OPL) and any
resulting Oil Mining Lease (OML). The terms of the PSCs are generally 30 years, including a 10-year
exploration period (an initial exploration phase that can be divided into multiple optional periods)
covered by an OPL. Upon commercial discovery, an OPL may be converted to an OML. Partial
relinquishment is required under the PSC at the end of the 10-year exploration period, and OMLs have
a 20-year production period that may be extended, subject to the partial relinquishment. In August
16, 2021, the Petroleum Industry Act (PIA) was enacted to replace the Petroleum Act of 1969. This
granted Petroleum Prospecting Licenses (PPLs - replacing OPLs) with an initial term of five years and
optional five-year extension. Petroleum Mining Leases (PMLs - replacing OMLs) are granted for each
commercial discovery in the PPL for a 20-year term. The PIA also had a "savings provision" which
allowed NNPC to renegotiate its PSCs and renew their OMLs for 20 years under existing 1969 Act terms,
within 12 months from the enactment of the PIA. On August 11, 2022, the leases for OML 133 and 138
were renewed under the savings provision.
OMLs granted under the 1969 Petroleum Act, which include all deepwater OMLs, have a maximum term of
20 years without distinction for onshore or offshore location and are renewable, upon 12-months
written notice. All future renewals will be conducted under PIA terms.
OMLs granted prior to the 1969 Petroleum Act (i.e., under the Mineral Oils Act 1914, repealed by the
1969 Petroleum Act) were for 30 years onshore and 40 years in offshore areas and have been renewed,
effective March 11, 2011, for a further period of 20 years. Operations under these pre-1969 OMLs are
conducted under a joint venture agreement with NNPC rather than a PSC. Commercial terms applicable to
the existing joint venture oil production are defined by the Petroleum Profits Tax Act (PPT). This
was also repealed by the PIA in August 2021 with lease holders having the option to convert to PIA
terms or retain PPT terms until their current leases expire.
 22 
 Asia 
Azerbaijan
The production sharing agreement (PSA) for the development of the Azeri-Chirag-Gunashli field was
established for an initial period of 30 years starting from the PSA execution date in 1994. The PSA
was amended in September 2017 to extend the term by 25 years to 2049.
Indonesia
Exploration and production activities in Indonesia are generally governed by cooperation contracts,
usually in the form of a production sharing contract (PSC). The current PSCs have an exploration
period of six years, which can be extended once for a period of four years with a total contract
period of 30 years including an exploitation period. PSC terms can be extended for a maximum of 20
years for each extension with the approval of the government.
Iraq
Development and production activities in the state-owned oil and gas fields are governed by contracts
with regional oil companies of the Iraqi Ministry of Oil. An ExxonMobil affiliate entered into a
contract with Basra Oil Company of the Iraqi Ministry of Oil for the rights to participate in the
development and production activities of the West Qurna Phase I oil and gas field effective March 1,
2010. The term of the contract is 20 years with the right to extend for a period of five to 15 years.
The contract provides for cost recovery plus per-barrel fees for incremental production above
specified levels.
Kazakhstan
Onshore exploration and production activities are governed by the production license, exploration
license, and joint venture agreements negotiated with the Republic of Kazakhstan. Existing production
operations have a 40-year production period that commenced in 1993.
Offshore exploration and production activities are governed by a production sharing agreement
negotiated with the Republic of Kazakhstan. The exploration period is six years followed by separate
appraisal periods for each discovery. The production period for each discovery, which includes
development, is 20 years from the date of declaration of commerciality with the possibility of two
10-year extensions.
Malaysia
Production activities are governed by production sharing contracts (PSCs) negotiated with the
national oil company. The PSCs have production terms of 25 years. Extensions are generally subject to
the national oil company’s prior written approval.
Qatar
The State of Qatar grants gas production development project rights to develop and supply gas from
the offshore North Field to permit the economic development and production of gas reserves sufficient
to satisfy the gas and LNG sales obligations of these projects. The initial terms for these rights
generally extend for 25 years. Extensions and terms are subject to State of Qatar approval.
Russia
Terms for ExxonMobil’s Sakhalin acreage were fixed by a production sharing agreement between the
Russian government and the Sakhalin-1 consortium, of which ExxonMobil was the operator. Effective
October 14, 2022, the Russian government unilaterally terminated the Corporation’s interests in
Sakhalin, transferring operations to a Russian operator.
Refer to “Note 2: Russia” of the Financial Section of this report for additional information.
Thailand
The Petroleum Act of 1971 allows production under ExxonMobil’s concessions for 30 years with a
10-year extension at terms generally prevalent at the time.
United Arab Emirates
An interest in the development and production activities of the offshore Upper Zakum field was
acquired in 2006. In 2017, the governing agreements were extended to 2051.
 23 
 Australia / Oceania 
Australia
Exploration and production activities conducted offshore in Commonwealth waters are governed by
Federal legislation. Exploration permits are granted for an initial term of six years with two
possible five-year renewal periods. Retention leases may be granted for resources that are not
commercially viable at the time of application but are likely to become commercially viable within 15
years. These are granted for periods of five years, and renewals may be requested. Prior to July
1998, production licenses were granted initially for 21 years, with a further renewal of 21 years and
thereafter indefinitely, i.e., for the life of the field. Effective from July 1998, new production
licenses are granted indefinitely. In each case, a production license may be terminated if no
production operations have been carried on for five years.
Papua New Guinea
Exploration and production activities are governed by the Oil and Gas Act. Petroleum prospecting
licenses are granted for an initial term of six years with a five-year extension possible (an
additional extension of three years is possible in certain circumstances). Generally, a 50-percent
relinquishment of the license area is required at the end of the initial six-year term, if extended.
Petroleum development licenses are granted for an initial 25-year period. An extension for further
consecutive period(s) of up to 20 years may be granted at the Minister’s discretion. Petroleum
retention licenses may be granted for gas resources that are not commercially viable at the time of
application but may become commercially viable within the maximum possible retention time of 15
years. Petroleum retention licenses are granted for an initial five-year period, and may only be
extended, at the Minister’s discretion, twice for the maximum retention time of 15 years.
 24 
Information with regard to refining capacity:
ExxonMobil manufactures, trades, and sells petroleum products. The refining and supply operations
encompass a global network of manufacturing plants, transportation systems, and distribution centers
that provide a range of fuels, lubricants, feedstocks, and other products to our customers around the
world.
 Refining Capacity At Year-End 2022(1) 
 ExxonMobil ExxonMobil 
 Share KBD(2) Interest % 
 United States 
 Joliet Illinois n 258 100 
 Baton Rouge Louisiana n ▲ 523 100 
 Billings(3) Montana n 60 100 
 Baytown Texas n ▲ 565 100 
 Beaumont Texas n ▲ 369 100 
 Total United States 1,775 
 Canada 
 Strathcona Alberta n 197 69.6 
 Nanticoke Ontario n 113 69.6 
 Sarnia Ontario n 123 69.6 
 Total Canada 433 
 Europe 
 Antwerp Belgium n 307 100 
 Fos-sur-Mer France n 133 82.9 
 Gravenchon France n ▲ 244 82.9 
 Karlsruhe Germany n 78 25 
 Trecate(3) Italy n 132 75 
 Rotterdam Netherlands n ▲ 192 100 
 Fawley United Kingdom n ▲ 262 100 
 Total Europe 1,348 
 Asia Pacific 
 Fujian China n 67 25 
 Jurong/PAC Singapore n ▲ 592 100 
 Sriracha(3) Thailand n 167 66 
 Total Asia Pacific 826 
 Middle East 
 Yanbu Saudi Arabia n 200 50 
 Total Worldwide 4,582 
 nEnergy Products▲Specialty Products 
 (1)Capacity data is based on 100 
 percent 
 of rated refinery process unit 
 stream-day capacities under normal 
 operating conditions, less the impact 
 of 
 shutdowns for regular repair and 
 maintenance activities, averaged over 
 an 
 extended period of time. The listing 
 excludes refining capacity for a 
 minorinterest held through equity 
 securities in theLaffan Refinery in 
 Qatar for which results are reported in 
 the Upstream segment. 
 (2)Thousands of barrels per day (KBD). 
 ExxonMobil share reflects 100 percent 
 of 
 atmospheric distillation capacity in 
 operations of ExxonMobil and 
 majority-owned subsidiaries. For 
 companies owned 50 percent or less, 
 ExxonMobil share is the greater of 
 ExxonMobil’s interest or that portion 
 of 
 distillation capacity normally 
 available 
 to ExxonMobil. 
 (3)The Corporation announced sales 
 agreements relating to these assets and 
 expects the transactions to close in 
 2023. 
 25 
Information with regard to retail fuel sites:
Within the Energy Products segment, retail fuels sites sell products and services throughout the
world through our Exxon , Esso, and Mobil brands.
 Number of Retail Fuel 
 Sites At Year-End 
 2022 
 Owned/leased Distributors/resellers Total 
 United States(1) — 11,139 11,139 
 Canada — 2,415 2,415 
 Europe(2) 197 5,830 6,027 
 Asia Pacific(3) 563 1,438 2,001 
 Latin America — 510 510 
 Middle East/Africa 221 200 421 
 Worldwide 981 21,532 22,513 
 (1)In October 2022, the 
 Corporation 
 reached an agreement with 
 Par Pacific 
 Holdings for the sale of 
 the Billings 
 refinery and select 
 midstream assets, 
 which includes about 300 
 retail fuel 
 sites, and expects the 
 transaction to 
 close in 2023. 
 (2)In December 2022, the 
 Corporation 
 reached an agreement with 
 Italiana 
 Petroli for the sale of 
 the Italy fuels 
 business, which includes 
 about 2,300 
 retail fuel sites, and 
 expects the 
 transaction to close in 
 2023. 
 (3)In January 2023, the 
 Corporation 
 announced the sale of its 
 interest in 
 Esso Thailand, which 
 includes a network 
 of about 800 retail fuel 
 sites, and 
 expects the transaction 
 to close in 
 2023. 
 26 
Information with regard to chemical complex capacity:
ExxonMobil manufactures and sells petrochemicals. The large/integrated chemical complexes supply
olefins, polyolefins, and a wide variety of other petrochemical products.
 Chemical Complex 
 Capacity At Year-End 
 2022(1) 
 (millions of metric 
 tons per year, Ethylene Polyethylene Polypropylene ExxonMobil 
 unless otherwise Interest % 
 noted) 
 North America 
 Baton Rouge Louisiana 1.1 1.3 0.9 100 
 Baytown Texas 4.0 — 0.7 100 
 Beaumont Texas 0.9 1.7 — 100 
 Corpus Christi Texas 0.9 0.7 — 50 
 Mont Belvieu Texas — 2.3 — 100 
 Sarnia Ontario 0.3 0.5 — 69.6 
 Total North America 7.2 6.5 1.6 
 Europe 
 Antwerp Belgium — 0.4 — 100 
 Fife United Kingdom 0.4 — — 50 
 Gravenchon France 0.4 0.4 0.3 100 
 Meerhout Belgium — 0.5 — 100 
 Total Europe 0.8 1.3 0.3 
 Middle East 
 Al Jubail Saudi Arabia 0.7 0.7 — 50 
 Yanbu Saudi Arabia 1.0 0.7 0.2 50 
 Total Middle East 1.7 1.4 0.2 
 Asia Pacific 
 Fujian China 0.3 0.2 0.2 25 
 Singapore Singapore 1.9 1.9 0.9 100 
 Total Asia Pacific 2.2 2.1 1.1 
 Total Worldwide 11.9 11.2 3.2 
 (1)Capacity reflects 
 100 percent for 
 operations of 
 majority-owned 
 subsidiaries. For 
 companies owned 50 
 percent or less, 
 capacity is 
 ExxonMobil’s 
 interest. 
 Due to rounding, 
 numbers presented 
 above 
 may not add up 
 precisely to the 
 totals 
 indicated. 
 27 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
ExxonMobil has elected to use a $1 million threshold for disclosing environmental proceedings.
On August 4, 2022, XTO Energy, Inc. (“XTO”) received a letter from the Department of Justice (“DOJ”)
notifying XTO of the United States Environmental Protection Agency’s (“EPA”) request to initiate a
potential civil action against XTO regarding the Schnegg well in Powhatan Point, Ohio. The letter did
not quantify an associated civil penalty potentially sought by the DOJ. The EPA alleges XTO breached
its duty under the General Duty Clause of the Clean Air Act for the Schnegg well, and such breaches
resulted in the 2018 well blowout. Neither a civil action has been filed nor a draft consent decree
has been provided by the DOJ. XTO is assessing the factual basis of the allegation and any associated
penalties. In discussions in January 2023, the DOJ indicated it may seek a potential penalty
substantially in excess of $1 million and XTO strongly disagrees with DOJ’s initial position.
On November 21, 2022, the State of Texas, acting by and through its Attorney General (“State”), filed
a complaint against the Corporation (captioned State of Texas v. Exxon Mobil Corporation) in Travis
County District Court, TX, Cause No. D-1-GN-22-006534, for alleged violations of the Texas Clean Air
Act at the Baytown Olefins Plant located in Baytown, Texas. The complaint seeks civil penalties for
alleged unauthorized air pollution, unauthorized outdoor burning, nuisance, and unauthorized visible
emissions associated with multiple alleged air emissions events between 2018 and 2022 in an amount in
excess of $1 million and injunctive relief against the Corporation to enjoin a violation or
threatened violation of any Texas Commission on Environmental Quality statute. The State also seeks
to recover its fees and costs of litigation.
Refer to the relevant portions of “Note 16: Litigation and Other Contingencies” of the Financial
Section of this report for additional information on legal proceedings.
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
Not applicable.
 28 
 Information about our Executive 
 Officers(positions and ages as of 
 February 22, 2023) 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Name Age Current and Prior Positions (up to five years) 
 Chairman of the Boardand Chief Executive 
 Darren W. Woods 58 Officer(since January 1, 2017) 
 Director and President(since January 1, 2016) 
 Neil A. Chapman 60 Senior Vice President(since January 1, 2018) 
 Senior Vice President and Chief Financial 
 Officer(since August 9, 2021) 
 Kathryn A. Mikells 57 Chief Financial Officer and a member of the board of 
 directors for Diageo plc 
 (November 2015 - June 2021) 
 Jack P. Williams, Jr. 59 Senior Vice President(since June 1, 2014) 
 Vice President, Tax and Treasurer(since November 28, 
 2022) 
 Dominion Energy, Inc. (prior to November 28, 2022): 
 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and 
 James R. Chapman 53 Treasurer (January 2019 - November 2022) 
 Senior Vice President, CFO and Treasurer (November 
 2018 - December 2018) 
 Senior Vice President, Mergers & Acquisitions and 
 Treasurer (February 2016 - October 2018) 
 Vice President and Controller(since March 1, 2021 
 following a special assignment) 
 Len M. Fox 59 Assistant Treasurer, Exxon Mobil Corporation 
 (February 1, 2020 - December 31, 2020) 
 Vice President, Chemical Business Services and 
 Treasurer (June 1, 2015 - January 31, 2020) 
 President of ExxonMobil Global Projects Company(since 
 April 1, 2021) 
 Senior Vice President, Global Project Delivery, 
 ExxonMobil Global Projects Company 
 (July 1, 2020 - March 31, 2021) 
 President, ExxonMobil Global Services Company (April 
 Jon M. Gibbs 51 1, 2019 - June 30, 2020) 
 Upstream Organization Design Team Lead, ExxonMobil 
 Development Company 
 (January 15, 2019 - March 31, 2019) 
 Vice President, Asia Pacific and Middle East, 
 ExxonMobil Development Company 
 (January 1, 2016 - January 14, 2019) 
 Vice President(since April 1, 2019) 
 President, ExxonMobil Upstream Company (since April 
 1, 2022) 
 Liam M. Mallon 60 President, ExxonMobil Upstream Oil & Gas Company 
 (April 1, 2019 - March 31, 2022) 
 President, ExxonMobil Development Company (January 1, 
 2017 - March 31, 2019) 
 Vice President(since April 1, 2019) 
 President, ExxonMobil Product Solutions Company 
 (since April 1, 2022) 
 Karen T. McKee 56 President, ExxonMobil Chemical Company (April 1, 2019 
 - March 31, 2022) 
 Senior Vice President, Basic Chemicals, Integration & 
 Growth, ExxonMobil Chemical Company 
 (August 1, 2017 - March 31, 2019) 
 Vice President and General Counsel(since November 1, 
 2020) 
 Secretary(since March 1, 2022) 
 Craig S. Morford 64 Deputy General Counsel (May 1, 2019 - October 31, 
 2020) 
 Chief Legal and Compliance Officer of Cardinal 
 Health, Inc. (until March 2019) 
 Vice President, Corporate Strategic Planning(since 
 April 1, 2022) 
 Darrin L. Talley 58 President, ExxonMobil Research and Engineering 
 Company (April 1, 2020 - March 31, 2022) 
 Manager, Corporate Strategy, Corporate Strategic 
 Planning (March 15, 2017 - March 31, 2020) 
Officers are generally elected by the Board of Directors at its meeting on the day of each annual
election of directors, with each such officer serving until a successor has been elected and
qualified. The above-named officers are required to file reports under Section 16 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.
 29