╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ ITEM 1. │
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ BUSINESS │
Exxon Mobil Corporation was incorporated in the State of New Jersey in 1882. Divisions and affiliated
companies of ExxonMobil operate or market products in the United States and most other countries of
the world. Our principal business involves exploration for, and production of, crude oil and natural
gas; manufacture, trade, transport and sale of crude oil, natural gas, petroleum products,
petrochemicals and a wide variety of specialty products; and pursuit of lower-emission business
opportunities including carbon capture and storage, hydrogen and biofuels. Affiliates of ExxonMobil
conduct extensive research programs in support of these businesses.
Exxon Mobil Corporation has several divisions and hundreds of affiliates, many with names that
include ExxonMobil , Exxon , Esso, Mobil or XTO . For convenience and simplicity, in this report the
terms ExxonMobil, Exxon, Esso, Mobil and XTO , as well as terms like Corporation , Company , our ,
we, and its , are sometimes used as abbreviated references to specific affiliates or groups of
affiliates. The precise meaning depends on the context in question.
The energy and petrochemical industries are highly competitive, both within the industries and also
with other industries in supplying the energy, fuel, and chemical needs of industrial and individual
consumers. Certain industry participants, including ExxonMobil, are expanding investments in lower-
emission energy and emission-reduction services and technologies. The Corporation competes with other
firms in the sale or purchase of needed goods and services in many national and international markets
and employs all methods of competition which are lawful and appropriate for such purposes.
Operating data and industry segment information for the Corporation are contained in the Financial
Section of this report under the following: “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations: Business Results” and “Note 18: Disclosures about Segments and
Related Information”. Information on oil and gas reserves is contained in the “Oil and Gas Reserves”
part of the “Supplemental Information on Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Activities” portion
of the Financial Section of this report.
ExxonMobil has a long-standing commitment to the development of proprietary technology. We have a
wide array of research programs designed to meet the needs identified in each of our business
segments. ExxonMobil held over 8 thousand active patents worldwide at the end of 2021. For technology
licensed to third parties, revenues totaled approximately $66 million in 2021. Although technology is
an important contributor to the overall operations and results of our Company, the profitability of
each business segment is not dependent on any individual patent, trade secret, trademark, license,
franchise, or concession.
ExxonMobil operates in a highly complex, competitive, and changing global energy business environment
where decisions and risks play out over time horizons that are often decades in length. This long-
term orientation underpins the Corporation's philosophy on talent development.
Talent development begins with recruiting exceptional candidates and continues with individually
planned experiences and training designed to facilitate broad development and a deep understanding of
our business across the business cycle. Our career-oriented approach to talent development results in
strong retention and an average length of service of 30 years for our career employees. Compensation,
benefits, and workplace programs support the Corporation's talent management approach, and are
designed to attract and retain employees for a career through compensation that is market
competitive, long-term oriented, and highly differentiated by individual performance.
Over 60 percent of our global employee workforce is from outside the U.S., and over the past decade
39 percent of our global hires for management, professional and technical positions were female and
35 percent of our U.S. hires for management, professional and technical positions were minorities.
With over 160 nationalities represented in the company, we encourage and respect diversity of
thought, ideas, and perspective from our workforce. We consider and monitor diversity through all
stages of employment, including recruitment, training, and development of our employees. We also work
closely with the communities where we operate to identify and invest in initiatives that help support
local needs, including local talent and skill development.
The number of regular employees was 63 thousand, 72 thousand, and 75 thousand at years ended 2021,
2020, and 2019, respectively. Regular employees are defined as active executive, management,
professional, technical, and wage employees who work full time or part time for the Corporation and
are covered by the Corporation’s benefit plans and programs.
 1 
As discussed in item 1A. Risk Factors in this report, compliance with existing and potential future
government regulations, including taxes, environmental regulations, and other government regulations
and policies that directly or indirectly affect the production and sale of our products, may have
material effects on the capital expenditures, earnings, and competitive position of ExxonMobil. With
respect to the environment, throughout ExxonMobil’s businesses, new and ongoing measures are taken to
prevent and minimize the impact of our operations on air, water, and ground, including, but not
limited to, compliance with environmental regulations. These include a significant investment in
refining infrastructure and technology to manufacture clean fuels, as well as projects to monitor and
reduce nitrogen oxide, sulfur oxide and greenhouse gas emissions, and expenditures for asset
retirement obligations. Using definitions and guidelines established by the American Petroleum
Institute, ExxonMobil’s 2021 worldwide environmental expenditures for all such preventative and
remediation steps, including ExxonMobil’s share of equity company expenditures, were $4.6 billion, of
which $3.4 billion were included in expenses with the remainder in capital expenditures. The total
cost for such activities is expected to increase to approximately $5.3 billion in 2022, with capital
expenditures expected to account for approximately 30 percent of the total. Costs for 2023 are
anticipated to be higher as the Low Carbon Solutions business matures and the Corporation progresses
its emission-reduction plans.
Information concerning the source and availability of raw materials used in the Corporation’s
business, the extent of seasonality in the business, the possibility of renegotiation of profits or
termination of contracts at the election of governments, and risks attendant to foreign operations
may be found in “Item 1A. Risk Factors” and “Item 2. Properties” in this report.
ExxonMobil maintains a website at exxonmobil.com. Our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished
pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are made available through our
website as soon as reasonably practical after we electronically file or furnish the reports to the
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Also available on the Corporation’s website are the
company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines, Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, and additional
policies as well as the charters of the audit, compensation, and other committees of the Board of
Directors. Information on our website is not incorporated into this report.
The SEC maintains an internet site (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information
statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC.
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS │
ExxonMobil’s financial and operating results are subject to a variety of risks inherent in the global
oil, gas, and petrochemical businesses, and the pursuit of lower-emission business opportunities.
Many of these risk factors are not within the company’s control and could adversely affect our
business, our financial and operating results, or our financial condition. These risk factors
include:
 Supply and Demand 
The oil, gas, and petrochemical businesses are fundamentally commodity businesses. This means
ExxonMobil’s operations and earnings may be significantly affected by changes in oil, gas, and
petrochemical prices and by changes in margins on refined products. Oil, gas, petrochemical, and
product prices and margins in turn depend on local, regional, and global events or conditions that
affect supply and demand for the relevant commodity or product. Any material decline in oil or
natural gas prices could have a material adverse effect on certain of the company’s operations,
especially in the Upstream segment, financial condition, and proved reserves. On the other hand, a
material increase in oil or natural gas prices could have a material adverse effect on certain of the
company’s operations, especially in the Downstream and Chemical segments.
Economic conditions. The demand for energy and petrochemicals is generally linked closely with broad-
based economic activities and levels of prosperity. The occurrence of recessions or other periods of
low or negative economic growth will typically have a direct adverse impact on our results. Other
factors that affect general economic conditions in the world or in a major region, such as changes in
population growth rates, periods of civil unrest, government regulation or austerity programs, trade
tariffs or broader breakdowns in global trade, security or public health issues and responses, or
currency exchange rate fluctuations, can also impact the demand for energy and petrochemicals.
Sovereign debt downgrades, defaults, inability to access debt markets due to credit or legal
constraints, liquidity crises, the breakup or restructuring of fiscal, monetary, or political systems
such as the European Union, and other events or conditions that impair the functioning of financial
markets and institutions also pose risks to ExxonMobil, including risks to the safety of our
financial assets and to the ability of our partners and customers to fulfill their commitments to
ExxonMobil.
COVID-19. The initial phase of the COVID-19 pandemic caused conditions of demand reduction and
oversupply to develop rapidly and resulted in significant decreases in commodity prices and margins.
ExxonMobil’s future business results, including cash flows and financing needs, will be affected by
the scope and severity of current and future COVID outbreaks; actions taken by governments and others
to address the pandemic and the effects of those actions on national and global economies and
markets; changes in consumer behavior that affect demand for our products; and the effectiveness of
the Corporation’s own responsive actions to protect the safety and well-being of our people.
 2 
Other demand-related factors. Other factors that may affect the demand for oil, gas, and
petrochemicals, and therefore impact our results, include technological improvements in energy
efficiency; seasonal weather patterns; increased competitiveness of, or government policy support
for, alternative energy sources; changes in technology that alter fuel choices, such as technological
advances in energy storage that make wind and solar more competitive for power generation; changes in
consumer preferences for our products, including consumer demand for alternative fueled or electric
transportation or alternatives to plastic products; and broad-based changes in personal income
levels. See also “Climate Change and the Energy Transition” below.
Other supply-related factors. Commodity prices and margins also vary depending on a number of factors
affecting supply. For example, increased supply from the development of new oil and gas supply
sources and technologies to enhance recovery from existing sources tends to reduce commodity prices
to the extent such supply increases are not offset by commensurate growth in demand. Similarly,
increases in industry refining or petrochemical manufacturing capacity relative to demand tend to
reduce margins on the affected products. World oil, gas, and petrochemical supply levels can also be
affected by factors that reduce available supplies, such as the level of and adherence by
participating countries to production quotas established by OPEC or "OPEC+" and other agreements
among sovereigns, government policies, including actions intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions,
that restrict oil and gas production or increase associated costs, and the occurrence of wars,
hostile actions, natural disasters, disruptions in competitors’ operations, logistics constraints or
unexpected unavailability of distribution channels that may disrupt supplies. Technological change
can also alter the relative costs for competitors to find, produce, and refine oil and gas and to
manufacture petrochemicals.
Other market factors. ExxonMobil’s business results are also exposed to potential negative impacts
due to changes in interest rates, inflation, currency exchange rates, and other local or regional
market conditions. Market factors may also result in losses from commodity derivatives and other
instruments we use to hedge price exposures or for trading purposes.
 Government and Political Factors 
ExxonMobil’s results can be adversely affected by political or regulatory developments affecting our
operations.
Access limitations. A number of countries limit access to their oil and gas resources, including by
restricting leasing or permitting activities, or may place resources off-limits from development
altogether. Restrictions on production of oil and gas could increase to the extent governments view
such measures as a viable approach for pursuing national and global energy and climate policies.
Restrictions on foreign investment in the oil and gas sector tend to increase in times of high
commodity prices, when national governments may have less need of outside sources of private capital.
Many countries also restrict the import or export of certain products based on point of origin.
Restrictions on doing business. ExxonMobil is subject to laws and sanctions imposed by the United
States or by other jurisdictions where we do business that may prohibit ExxonMobil or certain of its
affiliates from doing business in certain countries, or restricting the kind of business that may be
conducted. Such restrictions may provide a competitive advantage to competitors who may not be
subject to comparable restrictions.
Lack of legal certainty. Some countries in which we do business lack well-developed legal systems, or
have not yet adopted, or may be unable to maintain, clear regulatory frameworks for oil and gas
development. Lack of legal certainty exposes our operations to increased risk of adverse or
unpredictable actions by government officials, and also makes it more difficult for us to enforce our
contracts. In some cases these risks can be partially offset by agreements to arbitrate disputes in
an international forum, but the adequacy of this remedy may still depend on the local legal system to
enforce an award.
Regulatory and litigation risks. Even in countries with well-developed legal systems where ExxonMobil
does business, we remain exposed to changes in law or interpretation of settled law (including
changes that result from international treaties and accords) and changes in policy that could
adversely affect our results, such as:
• increases in taxes, duties, or government royalty rates (including retroactive claims);
• price controls;
• changes in environmental regulations or other laws that increase our cost of compliance or reduce
or delay available business opportunities (including changes in laws affecting offshore drilling
operations, water use, methane emissions, hydraulic fracturing, or use of new or recycled plastics);
• actions by policy-makers, regulators, or other actors to delay or deny necessary licenses and
permits, restrict the availability of oil and gas leases or the transportation of our products, or
otherwise require changes in the company's business or strategy that could result in reduced returns;
• adoption of regulations mandating efficiency standards, the use of alternative fuels or
uncompetitive fuel components;
• adoption of government payment transparency regulations that could require us to disclose
competitively sensitive commercial information, or that could cause us to violate the non-disclosure
laws of other countries; and
• government actions to cancel contracts, re-denominate the official currency, renounce or default on
obligations, renegotiate terms unilaterally, or expropriate assets.
Legal remedies available to compensate us for expropriation or other takings may be inadequate.
 3 
We also may be adversely affected by the outcome of litigation, especially in countries such as the
United States in which very large and unpredictable punitive damage awards may occur; by government
enforcement proceedings alleging non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations; or by state and
local government actors as well as private plaintiffs acting in parallel that attempt to use the
legal system to promote public policy agendas (including seeking to reduce the production and sale of
hydrocarbon products though litigation targeting the company or other industry participants), gain
political notoriety, or obtain monetary awards from the company.
Security concerns. Successful operation of particular facilities or projects may be disrupted by
civil unrest, acts of sabotage or terrorism, cybersecurity attacks, the application of national
security laws or policies that result in restricting our ability to do business in a particular
jurisdiction, and other local security concerns. Such concerns may require us to incur greater costs
for security or to shut down operations for a period of time.
 Climate Change and the Energy Transition 
Net-zero scenarios. Driven by concern over the risks of climate change, a number of countries have
adopted, or are considering the adoption of, regulatory frameworks to reduce greenhouse gas emissions
including emissions from the production and use of oil and gas and their products. These actions are
being taken both independently by national and regional governments and within the framework of
United Nations Conference of the Parties summits under which many countries of the world have
endorsed objectives to reduce the atmospheric concentration of CO2 over the coming decades, with an
ambition ultimately to achieve “net-zero.” Net-zero means that emissions of greenhouse gases from
human activities would be balanced by actions that remove such gases from the atmosphere.
Expectations for transition of the world’s energy system to lower emission sources and ultimately
net-zero derive from hypothetical scenarios that reflect many assumptions about the future and
reflect substantial uncertainties. The company’s objective to lead in the energy transition,
including the company’s announced ambition ultimately to achieve net-zero with respect to emissions
from operations where ExxonMobil is the operator, carries risks that the transition, including
underlying technologies, policies, and markets as discussed in more detail below, will not develop at
the pace or in the manner expected by current net-zero scenarios. The success of our strategy for the
energy transition will also depend on our ability to recognize key signposts of change in the global
energy system on a timely basis, and our corresponding ability to direct investment to the
technologies and businesses, at the appropriate stage of development, to best capitalize on our
competitive strengths.
Greenhouse gas restrictions. Government actions intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions include
adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, trade tariffs, minimum renewable usage requirements,
restrictive permitting, increased mileage and other efficiency standards, mandates for sales of
electric vehicles, mandates for use of specific fuels or technologies, and other incentives or
mandates designed to support transitioning to lower-emission energy sources. Political and other
actors and their agents also increasingly seek to advance climate change objectives indirectly, such
as by seeking to reduce the availability or increase the cost of financing and investment in the oil
and gas sector and taking actions intended to promote changes in business strategy for oil and gas
companies. Depending on how policies are formulated and applied, such policies could negatively
affect our investment returns, make our hydrocarbon-based products more expensive or less
competitive, lengthen project implementation times, and reduce demand for hydrocarbons, as well as
shift hydrocarbon demand toward relatively lower-carbon alternatives. Current and pending greenhouse
gas regulations or policies may also increase our compliance costs, such as for monitoring or
sequestering emissions.
Technology and low carbon solutions. Achieving societal ambitions to reduce greenhouse gas emissions
and ultimately achieve net-zero will require new technologies to reduce the cost and increase the
scalability of alternative energy sources, as well as technologies such as carbon capture and storage
(CCS). CCS technologies, focused initially on capturing and sequestering CO2 emissions from high-
intensity industrial activities, can assist in meeting society’s objective to mitigate atmospheric
greenhouse gas levels while also helping ensure the availability of the reliable and affordable
energy the world requires. ExxonMobil has established a Low Carbon Solutions (LCS) business unit to
advance the development and deployment of these technologies and projects, including CCS, hydrogen
and advanced biofuels, breakthrough energy efficiency processes, advanced energy-saving materials,
and other technologies. The company’s efforts include both in-house research and development and
collaborative efforts with leading universities as well as commercial partners involved in advanced
lower-emission energy technologies. Our future results and ability to grow our LCS business and
succeed through the energy transition will depend in part on the success of these research and
collaboration efforts and on our ability to adapt and apply the strengths of our current business
model to providing the energy products of the future in a cost-competitive manner.
Policy and market development. The scale of the world’s energy system means that, in addition to
developments in technology as discussed above, a successful energy transition will require
appropriate support from governments and private participants throughout the global economy. Our
ability to develop and deploy CCS and other lower emission energy technologies at commercial scale,
and the growth and future returns of LCS and other emerging businesses in which we invest, will
depend in part on the continued development of supportive government policies and markets. Failure or
delay of these policies or markets to materialize or be maintained could adversely impact these
investments. Policy and other actions that result in restricting the availability of hydrocarbon
products without commensurate reduction in demand may have unpredictable adverse effects, including
increased commodity price volatility; periods of significantly higher commodity prices and resulting
inflationary pressures; and local or regional energy shortages. Such effects in turn may depress
economic growth or lead to rapid or conflicting shifts in policy by different actors, with resulting
adverse effects on our businesses.
 4 
See also the discussion of “Supply and Demand,” “Government and Political Factors,” and “Operational
and Other Factors” in this Item 1A.
 Operational and Other Factors 
In addition to external economic and political factors, our future business results also depend on
our ability to manage successfully those factors that are at least in part within our control. The
extent to which we manage these factors will impact our performance relative to competition. For
projects in which we are not the operator, we depend on the management effectiveness of one or more
co-venturers whom we do not control.
Exploration and development program. Our ability to maintain and grow our oil and gas production
depends on the success of our exploration and development efforts. Among other factors, we must
continuously improve our ability to identify the most promising resource prospects and apply our
project management expertise to bring discovered resources on line as scheduled and within budget.
Project and portfolio management. The long-term success of ExxonMobil’s Upstream, Downstream, and
Chemical businesses, as well as the future success of LCS and other emerging lower-emission
investments, depends on complex, long-term, capital intensive projects. These projects in turn
require a high degree of project management expertise to maximize efficiency. Specific factors that
can affect the performance of major projects include our ability to: negotiate successfully with
joint venturers, partners, governments, suppliers, customers, or others; model and optimize reservoir
performance; develop markets for project outputs, whether through long-term contracts or the
development of effective spot markets; manage changes in operating conditions and costs, including
costs of third party equipment or services such as drilling rigs and shipping; prevent, to the extent
possible, and respond effectively to unforeseen technical difficulties that could delay project
start-up or cause unscheduled project downtime; and influence the performance of project operators
where ExxonMobil does not perform that role. In addition to the effective management of individual
projects, ExxonMobil’s success, including our ability to mitigate risk and provide attractive returns
to shareholders, depends on our ability to successfully manage our overall portfolio, including
diversification among types and locations of our projects, products produced, and strategies to
divest assets. We may not be able to divest assets at a price or on the timeline we contemplate in
our strategies. Additionally, we may retain certain liabilities following a divestment and could be
held liable for past use or for different liabilities than anticipated.
The term “project” as used in this report can refer to a variety of different activities and does not
necessarily have the same meaning as in any government payment transparency reports.
Operational efficiency. An important component of ExxonMobil’s competitive performance, especially
given the commodity-based nature of many of our businesses, is our ability to operate efficiently,
including our ability to manage expenses and improve production yields on an ongoing basis. This
requires continuous management focus, including technology improvements, cost control, productivity
enhancements, regular reappraisal of our asset portfolio, and the recruitment, development, and
retention of high caliber employees.
Research and development and technological change. To maintain our competitive position, especially
in light of the technological nature of our businesses and the need for continuous efficiency
improvement, ExxonMobil’s technology, research, and development organizations must be successful and
able to adapt to a changing market and policy environment, including developing technologies to help
reduce greenhouse gas emissions. To remain competitive we must also continuously adapt and capture
the benefits of new and emerging technologies, including successfully applying advances in the
ability to process very large amounts of data to our businesses.
Safety, business controls, and environmental risk management. Our results depend on management’s
ability to minimize the inherent risks of oil, gas, and petrochemical operations, to control
effectively our business activities, and to minimize the potential for human error. We apply rigorous
management systems and continuous focus on workplace safety and avoiding spills or other adverse
environmental events. For example, we work to minimize spills through a combined program of effective
operations integrity management, ongoing upgrades, key equipment replacements, and comprehensive
inspection and surveillance. Similarly, we are implementing cost-effective new technologies and
adopting new operating practices to reduce air emissions, not only in response to government
requirements but also to address community priorities. We employ a comprehensive enterprise risk
management system to identify and manage risk across our businesses. We also maintain a disciplined
framework of internal controls and apply a controls management system for monitoring compliance with
this framework. Substantial liabilities and other adverse impacts could result if we do not timely
identify and mitigate applicable risks, or if our management systems and controls do not function as
intended.
 5 
Cybersecurity. ExxonMobil is regularly subject to attempted cybersecurity disruptions from a variety
of sources including state-sponsored actors. ExxonMobil’s defensive preparedness includes multi-
layered technological capabilities for prevention and detection of cybersecurity disruptions; non-
technological measures such as threat information sharing with governmental and industry groups;
internal training and awareness campaigns including routine testing of employee awareness and an
emphasis on resiliency including business response and recovery. If the measures we are taking to
protect against cybersecurity disruptions prove to be insufficient or if our proprietary data is
otherwise not protected, ExxonMobil as well as our customers, employees, or third parties could be
adversely affected. We are also exposed to potential harm from cybersecurity events that may affect
the operations of third-parties, including our partners, suppliers, service providers (including
providers of cloud-hosting services for our data or applications), and customers. Cybersecurity
disruptions could cause physical harm to people or the environment; damage or destroy assets;
compromise business systems; result in proprietary information being altered, lost, or stolen; result
in employee, customer, or third-party information being compromised; or otherwise disrupt our
business operations. We could incur significant costs to remedy the effects of a major cybersecurity
disruption in addition to costs in connection with resulting regulatory actions, litigation, or
reputational harm.
Preparedness. Our operations may be disrupted by severe weather events, natural disasters, human
error, and similar events. For example, hurricanes may damage our offshore production facilities or
coastal refining and petrochemical plants in vulnerable areas. Our facilities are designed,
constructed, and operated to withstand a variety of extreme climatic and other conditions, with
safety factors built in to cover a number of engineering uncertainties, including those associated
with wave, wind, and current intensity, marine ice flow patterns, permafrost stability, storm surge
magnitude, temperature extremes, extreme rainfall events, and earthquakes. Our consideration of
changing weather conditions and inclusion of safety factors in design covers the engineering
uncertainties that climate change and other events may potentially introduce. Our ability to mitigate
the adverse impacts of these events depends in part upon the effectiveness of our robust facility
engineering as well as our rigorous disaster preparedness and response, and business continuity
planning.
Insurance limitations. The ability of the Corporation to insure against many of the risks it faces as
described in this Item 1A is limited by the availability and cost of coverage, which may not be
economic, as well as the capacity of the applicable insurance markets, which may not be sufficient.
Competition. As noted in Item 1 above, the energy and petrochemical industries are highly
competitive. We face competition not only from other private firms, but also from state-owned
companies that are increasingly competing for opportunities outside of their home countries and as
partners with other private firms. In some cases, these state-owned companies may pursue
opportunities in furtherance of strategic objectives of their government owners, with less focus on
financial returns than companies owned by private shareholders, such as ExxonMobil. Technology and
expertise provided by industry service companies may also enhance the competitiveness of firms that
may not have the internal resources and capabilities of ExxonMobil or reduce the need for resource-
owning countries to partner with private-sector oil and gas companies in order to monetize national
resources. As described in more detail above, our hydrocarbon-based energy products are also subject
to growing and, in many cases, government-supported competition from alternative energy sources.
Reputation. Our reputation is an important corporate asset. Factors that could have a negative impact
on our reputation include an operating incident or significant cybersecurity disruption; changes in
consumer views concerning our products; a perception by investors or others that the Corporation is
making insufficient progress with respect to our ambition to lead in the energy transition, or that
pursuit of this ambition may result in allocation of capital to investments with reduced returns; and
other adverse events such as those described in this Item 1A. Negative impacts on our reputation
could in turn make it more difficult for us to compete successfully for new opportunities, obtain
necessary regulatory approvals, obtain financing, attract talent, or could reduce consumer demand for
our branded products. ExxonMobil’s reputation may also be harmed by events which negatively affect
the image of our industry as a whole.
Projections, estimates, and descriptions of ExxonMobil’s plans and objectives included or
incorporated in Items 1, 1A, 2, 7 and 7A of this report are forward-looking statements. Actual future
results, including project completion dates, production rates, capital expenditures, costs, and
business plans could differ materially due to, among other things, the factors discussed above and
elsewhere in this report.
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS │
None.
 6 
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ ITEM 2. │
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ PROPERTIES │
Information with regard to oil and gas producing activities follows:
 1. Disclosure of Reserves 
A. Summary of Oil and Gas Reserves at Year-End 2021
The table below summarizes the oil-equivalent proved reserves in each geographic area and by product
type for consolidated subsidiaries and equity companies. Natural gas is converted to an oil-
equivalent basis at six billion cubic feet per one million barrels. The Corporation has reported
proved reserves on the basis of the average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month during
the last 12-month period. As a result of higher average prices in 2021, certain quantities of crude
oil, bitumen, and natural gas that did not qualify as proved reserves in the prior year qualified as
proved reserves at year-end 2021. Otherwise, no major discovery or other favorable or adverse event
has occurred since December 31, 2021 that would cause a significant change in the estimated proved
reserves as of that date.
 Natural Oil-Equiv… 
 Crude Gas Bitumen Synthetic Natural Total 
 Oil Liquids Oil Gas All 
 Products 
 -million -million -million -million -billion -million 
 bbls bbls bbls bbls cubic ft bbls 
 Proved 
 Reserves 
 Developed 
 Consolida… 
 Subsidiar… 
 United 1,170 493 — — 11,287 3,544 
 States 
 Canada/Ot… 262 6 2,635 326 574 3,325 
 Americas(… 
 Europe 3 — — — 377 66 
 Africa 304 26 — — 315 382 
 Asia 2,096 58 — — 2,527 2,575 
 Australia… 45 18 — — 3,513 648 
 Total 3,880 601 2,635 326 18,593 10,540 
 Consolida… 
 Equity 
 Companies 
 United 127 6 — — 117 153 
 States 
 Europe 10 — — — 339 66 
 Africa — — — — — — 
 Asia 322 152 — — 6,017 1,477 
 Total 
 Equity 459 158 — — 6,473 1,696 
 Company 
 Total 4,339 759 2,635 326 25,066 12,236 
 Developed 
 Undevelop… 
 Consolida… 
 Subsidiar… 
 United 1,137 484 — — 3,701 2,238 
 States 
 Canada/Ot… 507 1 259 112 345 937 
 Americas(… 
 Europe — — — — 6 1 
 Africa 31 — — — 2 31 
 Asia 941 47 — — 1,166 1,182 
 Australia… 29 3 — — 2,850 507 
 Total 2,645 535 259 112 8,070 4,896 
 Consolida… 
 Equity 
 Companies 
 United 28 — — — 23 32 
 States 
 Europe — — — — 69 12 
 Africa 5 — — — 806 139 
 Asia 419 112 — — 4,141 1,221 
 Total 
 Equity 452 112 — — 5,039 1,404 
 Company 
 Total 3,097 647 259 112 13,109 6,300 
 Undevelop… 
 Total 
 Proved 7,436 1,406 2,894 438 38,175 18,536 
 Reserves 
(1) Other Americas includes proved developed reserves of 106 million barrels of crude oil and 151
billion cubic feet of natural gas, as well as proved undeveloped reserves of 488 million barrels of
crude oil and 233 billion cubic feet of natural gas.
 7 
In the preceding reserves information, consolidated subsidiary and equity company reserves are
reported separately. However, the Corporation operates its business with the same view of equity
company reserves as it has for reserves from consolidated subsidiaries.
The Corporation anticipates several projects will come online over the next few years providing
additional production capacity. However, actual volumes will vary from year to year due to the timing
of individual project start-ups; operational outages; reservoir performance; performance of enhanced
oil recovery projects; regulatory changes; the impact of fiscal and commercial terms; asset sales;
weather events; price effects on production sharing contracts; changes in the amount and timing of
capital investments that may vary depending on the oil and gas price environment; and other factors
described in Item 1A. Risk Factors.
The estimation of proved reserves, which is based on the requirement of reasonable certainty, is an
ongoing process based on rigorous technical evaluations, commercial and market assessments and
detailed analysis of well and reservoir information such as flow rates and reservoir pressures.
Furthermore, the Corporation only records proved reserves for projects which have received
significant funding commitments by management toward the development of the reserves. Although the
Corporation is reasonably certain that proved reserves will be produced, the timing and amount
recovered can be affected by a number of factors including completion of development projects,
reservoir performance, regulatory approvals, government policies, consumer preferences, and
significant changes in crude oil and natural gas price levels. In addition, proved reserves could be
affected by an extended period of low prices which could reduce the level of the Corporation’s
capital spending and also impact our partners’ capacity to fund their share of joint projects.
B. Technologies Used in Establishing Proved Reserves Additions in 2021
Additions to ExxonMobil’s proved reserves in 2021 were based on estimates generated through the
integration of available and appropriate geological, engineering and production data, utilizing well-
established technologies that have been demonstrated in the field to yield repeatable and consistent
results.
Data used in these integrated assessments included information obtained directly from the subsurface
via wellbores, such as well logs, reservoir core samples, fluid samples, static and dynamic pressure
information, production test data, and surveillance and performance information. The data utilized
also included subsurface information obtained through indirect measurements including high-quality
3‑D and 4‑D seismic data, calibrated with available well control information. The tools used to
interpret the data included seismic processing software, reservoir modeling and simulation software,
and data analysis packages.
In some circumstances, where appropriate analog reservoirs were available, reservoir parameters from
these analogs were used to increase the quality of and confidence in the reserves estimates.
 8 
C. Qualifications of Reserves Technical Oversight Group and Internal Controls over Proved Reserves
ExxonMobil has a dedicated Global Reserves and Resources group that provides technical oversight and
is separate from the operating organization. Primary responsibilities of this group include oversight
of the reserves estimation process for compliance with Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules
and regulations, review of annual changes in reserves estimates, and the reporting of ExxonMobil’s
proved reserves. This group also maintains the official company reserves estimates for ExxonMobil’s
proved reserves of crude oil, natural gas liquids, bitumen, synthetic oil, and natural gas. In
addition, the group provides training to personnel involved in the reserves estimation and reporting
process within ExxonMobil and its affiliates. The Manager of the Global Reserves and Resources group
has more than 30 years of experience in reservoir engineering and reserves assessment, has a degree
in Engineering and served on the Oil and Gas Reserves Committee of the Society of Petroleum Engineers
(SPE). The group is staffed with individuals that have an average of more than 15 years of technical
experience in the petroleum industry, including expertise in the classification and categorization of
reserves under SEC guidelines. This group includes individuals who hold degrees in either Engineering
or Geology.
The Global Reserves and Resources group maintains a central database containing the official company
reserves estimates. Appropriate controls, including limitations on database access and update
capabilities, are in place to ensure data integrity within this central database. An annual review of
the system’s controls is performed by internal audit. Key components of the reserves estimation
process include technical evaluations, commercial and market assessments, analysis of well and field
performance, and long-standing approval guidelines. No changes may be made to the reserves estimates
in the central database, including additions of any new initial reserves estimates or subsequent
revisions, unless these changes have been thoroughly reviewed and evaluated by duly authorized
geoscience and engineering professionals within the operating organization. In addition, changes to
reserves estimates that exceed certain thresholds require further review and approval by the
appropriate level of management within the operating organization before the changes may be made in
the central database. Endorsement by the Global Reserves and Resources group for all proved reserves
changes is a mandatory component of this review process. After all changes are made, reviews are held
with senior management for final endorsement.
 2. Proved Undeveloped Reserves 
At year-end 2021, approximately 6.3 billion oil-equivalent barrels (GOEB) of ExxonMobil’s proved
reserves were classified as proved undeveloped. This represents 34 percent of the 18.5 GOEB reported
in proved reserves. This compares to 5.0 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves reported at the end of
2020. During the year, ExxonMobil conducted development activities that resulted in the transfer of
approximately 0.5 GOEB from proved undeveloped to proved developed reserves by year end. The largest
transfers were related to development activities in the United States. During 2021, extensions and
discoveries, primarily in the United States, Brazil, and Guyana, resulted in an addition of
approximately 1.3 GOEB of proved undeveloped reserves, along with an increase of approximately 0.6
GOEB due to revisions primarily in Asia and Canada.
Overall, investments of $8.0 billion were made by the Corporation during 2021 to progress the
development of reported proved undeveloped reserves, including $7.8 billion for oil and gas producing
activities, along with additional investments for other non-oil and gas producing activities such as
the construction of support infrastructure and other related facilities. These investments
represented 65 percent of the $12.3 billion in total reported Upstream capital and exploration
expenditures.
One of ExxonMobil’s requirements for reporting proved reserves is that management has made
significant funding commitments toward the development of the reserves. ExxonMobil has a disciplined
investment strategy and many major fields require long lead-time in order to be developed.
Development projects typically take several years from the time of recording proved undeveloped
reserves to the start of production and can exceed five years for large and complex projects. Proved
undeveloped reserves in Australia, Canada, Kazakhstan, the United States, and the United Arab
Emirates have remained undeveloped for five years or more primarily due to constraints on the
capacity of infrastructure, as well as the time required to complete development for very large
projects. The Corporation is reasonably certain that these proved reserves will be produced; however,
the timing and amount recovered can be affected by a number of factors including completion of
development projects, reservoir performance, regulatory approvals, government policies, consumer
preferences, the pace of co-venturer/government funding, changes in the amount and timing of capital
investments, and significant changes in crude oil and natural gas price levels. Of the proved
undeveloped reserves that have been reported for five or more years, over 80 percent are contained in
the aforementioned countries. In Australia, proved undeveloped reserves are associated with future
compression for the Gorgon Jansz LNG project. In Canada, proved undeveloped reserves are related to
Cold Lake operations. In Kazakhstan, the proved undeveloped reserves are related to the remainder of
the Tengizchevroil joint venture development that includes a production license in the Tengiz -
Korolev field complex. The Tengizchevroil joint venture is producing, and proved undeveloped reserves
will continue to move to proved developed as approved development phases progress. In the United Arab
Emirates, proved undeveloped reserves are associated with an approved development plan and continued
drilling investment for the producing Upper Zakum field.
 9 
3. Oil and Gas Production, Production Prices and Production Costs
 A. Oil and Gas Production 
The table below summarizes production by final product sold and by geographic area for the last three
years.
 2021 2020 2019 
 -thousands of barrels 
 daily 
 Crude oil and natural 
 gas liquids Crude Oil NGL Crude Oil NGL Crude Oil NGL 
 production 
 Consolidated 
 Subsidiaries 
 United States 482 195 481 154 461 131 
 Canada/Other 130 3 121 5 87 4 
 Americas(1) 
 Europe 16 3 22 5 84 21 
 Africa 241 7 301 11 360 12 
 Asia 407 21 449 23 432 22 
 Australia/Oceania 28 15 29 15 30 15 
 Total Consolidated 1,304 244 1,403 213 1,454 205 
 Subsidiaries 
 Equity Companies 
 United States 43 1 49 1 52 2 
 Europe 3 — 3 — 3 — 
 Asia 207 60 208 62 232 62 
 Total Equity Companies 253 61 260 63 287 64 
 Total crude oil and 
 natural gas liquids 1,557 305 1,663 276 1,741 269 
 production 
 Bitumen production 
 Consolidated 
 Subsidiaries 
 Canada/Other Americas 365 342 311 
 Synthetic oil 
 production 
 Consolidated 
 Subsidiaries 
 Canada/Other Americas 62 68 65 
 Total liquids 2,289 2,349 2,386 
 production 
 -millions of cubic feet 
 daily 
 Natural gas production 
 available for 
 sale 
 Consolidated 
 Subsidiaries 
 United States 2,724 2,668 2,756 
 Canada/Other 195 277 258 
 Americas(1) 
 Europe 377 447 808 
 Africa 43 9 7 
 Asia 807 872 851 
 Australia/Oceania 1,280 1,219 1,319 
 Total Consolidated 5,426 5,492 5,999 
 Subsidiaries 
 Equity Companies 
 United States 22 23 22 
 Europe 431 342 649 
 Asia 2,658 2,614 2,724 
 Total Equity Companies 3,111 2,979 3,395 
 Total natural gas 
 production available 8,537 8,471 9,394 
 for sale 
 -thousands of 
 oil-equivalent barrels 
 daily 
 Oil-equivalent 3,712 3,761 3,952 
 production 
(1) Other Americas includes crude oil production for 2021, 2020 and 2019 of 48 thousand, 29 thousand,
and 2 thousand barrels daily, respectively; and natural gas production available for sale for 2021,
2020 and 2019 of 36 million, 45 million, and 36 million cubic feet daily, respectively.
 10 
 B. Production Prices and Production Costs 
The table below summarizes average production prices and average production costs by geographic area
and by product type for the last three years.
 United Canada/ Australia/ 
 States Other Europe Africa Asia Oceania Total 
 Americas 
 During 2021 -dollars per 
 unit 
 Consolidated 
 Subsidiaries 
 Average 
 production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per 65.03 68.56 66.20 70.21 67.28 69.00 67.14 
 barrel 
 NGL, per 32.24 30.51 42.31 54.57 32.62 43.07 33.65 
 barrel 
 Natural gas, 
 per thousand 3.02 2.92 11.83 1.67 2.11 6.64 4.33 
 cubic feet 
 Bitumen, per — 44.26 — — — — 44.26 
 barrel 
 Synthetic oil, — 64.73 — — — — 64.73 
 per barrel 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per 8.33 22.47 25.31 18.92 7.16 5.14 12.15 
 oil-equivalent 
 barrel - total 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per — 22.69 — — — — 22.69 
 barrel - 
 bitumen 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per — 48.87 — — — — 48.87 
 barrel - 
 synthetic oil 
 Equity 
 Companies 
 Average 
 production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per 67.06 — 62.60 — 65.85 — 66.01 
 barrel 
 NGL, per 29.94 — — — 52.14 — 51.64 
 barrel 
 Natural gas, 
 per thousand 3.11 — 8.19 — 6.54 — 6.74 
 cubic feet 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per 30.51 — 38.82 — 1.59 — 6.67 
 oil-equivalent 
 barrel - total 
 Total 
 Average 
 production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per 65.20 68.56 65.54 70.21 66.80 69.00 66.96 
 barrel 
 NGL, per 32.23 30.51 42.31 54.57 47.10 43.07 37.27 
 barrel 
 Natural gas, 
 per thousand 3.02 2.92 9.89 1.67 5.50 6.64 5.21 
 cubic feet 
 Bitumen, per — 44.26 — — — — 44.26 
 barrel 
 Synthetic oil, — 64.73 — — — — 64.73 
 per barrel 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per 9.24 22.47 31.79 19.04 4.06 5.14 10.92 
 oil-equivalent 
 barrel - total 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per — 22.69 — — — — 22.69 
 barrel - 
 bitumen 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per — 48.87 — — — — 48.87 
 barrel - 
 synthetic oil 
 During 2020 
 Consolidated 
 Subsidiaries 
 Average 
 production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per 34.97 37.26 41.39 42.27 39.39 36.67 38.31 
 barrel 
 NGL, per 13.83 10.34 20.11 21.32 21.37 27.92 16.05 
 barrel 
 Natural gas, 
 per thousand 0.98 1.56 3.13 1.24 1.49 4.34 2.01 
 cubic feet 
 Bitumen, per — 17.71 — — — — 17.71 
 barrel 
 Synthetic oil, — 37.32 — — — — 37.32 
 per barrel 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per 9.82 18.40 21.22 16.67 6.50 5.35 11.57 
 oil-equivalent 
 barrel - total 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per — 19.22 — — — — 19.22 
 barrel - 
 bitumen 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per — 33.61 — — — — 33.61 
 barrel - 
 synthetic oil 
 Equity 
 Companies 
 Average 
 production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per 39.10 — 38.95 — 35.18 — 35.97 
 barrel 
 NGL, per 11.05 — — — 30.02 — 29.58 
 barrel 
 Natural gas, 
 per thousand 1.19 — 3.85 — 3.14 — 3.20 
 cubic feet 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per 25.13 — 30.74 — 1.63 — 5.34 
 oil-equivalent 
 barrel - total 
 Total 
 Average 
 production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per 35.35 37.26 41.11 42.27 38.07 36.67 37.95 
 barrel 
 NGL, per 13.80 10.34 20.11 21.32 27.65 27.92 19.16 
 barrel 
 Natural gas, 
 per thousand 0.98 1.56 3.44 1.24 2.72 4.34 2.43 
 cubic feet 
 Bitumen, per — 17.71 — — — — 17.71 
 barrel 
 Synthetic oil, — 37.32 — — — — 37.32 
 per barrel 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per 10.55 18.40 24.76 16.73 3.91 5.35 10.21 
 oil-equivalent 
 barrel - total 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per — 19.22 — — — — 19.22 
 barrel - 
 bitumen 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per — 33.61 — — — — 33.61 
 barrel - 
 synthetic oil 
 11 
 United Canada/ Australia/ 
 States Other Europe Africa Asia Oceania Total 
 Americas 
 During 2019 -dollars per 
 unit 
 Consolidated 
 Subsidiaries 
 Average 
 production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per 54.41 59.39 63.59 65.64 64.14 61.08 61.04 
 barrel 
 NGL, per 18.94 16.59 30.56 41.41 24.64 30.55 22.85 
 barrel 
 Natural gas, 
 per thousand 1.54 1.44 4.50 1.49 2.07 6.26 3.05 
 cubic feet 
 Bitumen, per — 36.25 — — — — 36.25 
 barrel 
 Synthetic oil, — 56.18 — — — — 56.18 
 per barrel 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per 12.25 23.41 13.69 17.51 7.34 6.60 13.43 
 oil-equivalent 
 barrel - total 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per — 24.18 — — — — 24.18 
 barrel - 
 bitumen 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per — 40.38 — — — — 40.38 
 barrel - 
 synthetic oil 
 Equity 
 Companies 
 Average 
 production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per 60.95 — 58.72 — 58.74 — 59.15 
 barrel 
 NGL, per 15.63 — — — 36.28 — 35.76 
 barrel 
 Natural gas, 
 per thousand 1.75 — 5.01 — 5.24 — 5.17 
 cubic feet 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per 25.70 — 14.04 — 2.03 — 5.00 
 oil-equivalent 
 barrel - total 
 Total 
 Average 
 production 
 prices 
 Crude oil, per 55.08 59.39 63.41 65.64 62.27 61.08 60.73 
 barrel 
 NGL, per 18.90 16.59 30.56 41.41 33.23 30.55 25.89 
 barrel 
 Natural gas, 
 per thousand 1.54 1.44 4.73 1.49 4.49 6.26 3.82 
 cubic feet 
 Bitumen, per — 36.25 — — — — 36.25 
 barrel 
 Synthetic oil, — 56.18 — — — — 56.18 
 per barrel 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per 12.95 23.41 13.80 17.56 4.39 6.60 11.48 
 oil-equivalent 
 barrel - total 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per — 24.18 — — — — 24.18 
 barrel - 
 bitumen 
 Average 
 production 
 costs, per — 40.38 — — — — 40.38 
 barrel - 
 synthetic oil 
Average production prices have been calculated by using sales quantities from the Corporation’s own
production as the divisor. Average production costs have been computed by using net production
quantities for the divisor. The volumes of crude oil and natural gas liquids (NGL) production used
for this computation are shown in the oil and gas production table in section 3.A. The volumes of
natural gas used in the calculation are the production volumes of natural gas available for sale and
are also shown in section 3.A. The natural gas available for sale volumes are different from those
shown in the reserves table in the “Oil and Gas Reserves” part of the “Supplemental Information on
Oil and Gas Exploration and Production Activities” portion of the Financial Section of this report
due to volumes consumed or flared. Natural gas is converted to an oil-equivalent basis at six million
cubic feet per one thousand barrels.
 12 
4. Drilling and Other Exploratory and Development Activities
 A. Number of Net Productive and Dry Wells Drilled 
 2021 2020 2019 
 Net Productive Exploratory Wells Drilled 
 Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 United States 1 4 3 
 Canada/Other Americas 5 2 6 
 Europe — — 1 
 Africa — 1 — 
 Asia — — — 
 Australia/Oceania — — 1 
 Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 6 7 11 
 Equity Companies 
 United States — — — 
 Europe — — — 
 Africa — — — 
 Asia — — — 
 Total Equity Companies — — — 
 Total productive exploratory wells 6 7 11 
 drilled 
 Net Dry Exploratory Wells Drilled 
 Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 United States 1 — — 
 Canada/Other Americas 3 1 1 
 Europe — — 1 
 Africa — — — 
 Asia — 1 — 
 Australia/Oceania — — 1 
 Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 4 2 3 
 Equity Companies 
 United States — — — 
 Europe — — — 
 Africa — — — 
 Asia — — — 
 Total Equity Companies — — — 
 Total dry exploratory wells drilled 4 2 3 
 13 
 2021 2020 2019 
 Net Productive Development Wells Drilled 
 Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 United States 433 412 618 
 Canada/Other Americas 28 36 49 
 Europe 1 2 3 
 Africa 1 2 4 
 Asia 4 15 12 
 Australia/Oceania — 4 — 
 Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 467 471 686 
 Equity Companies 
 United States 13 60 199 
 Europe 1 1 — 
 Africa 1 — — 
 Asia 5 5 9 
 Total Equity Companies 20 66 208 
 Total productive development wells 487 537 894 
 drilled 
 Net Dry Development Wells Drilled 
 Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 United States 4 6 8 
 Canada/Other Americas — — — 
 Europe — — — 
 Africa — — 1 
 Asia — — — 
 Australia/Oceania — 1 — 
 Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 4 7 9 
 Equity Companies 
 United States — — — 
 Europe — — — 
 Africa — — — 
 Asia — — — 
 Total Equity Companies — — — 
 Total dry development wells drilled 4 7 9 
 Total number of net wells drilled 501 553 917 
 14 
B. Exploratory and Development Activities Regarding Oil and Gas Resources Extracted by Mining
Technologies
Syncrude Operations. Syncrude is a joint venture established to recover shallow deposits of oil sands
using open-pit mining methods to extract the crude bitumen, and then upgrade it to produce a high-
quality, light (32 degrees API), sweet, synthetic crude oil. Imperial Oil Limited is the owner of a
25 percent interest in the joint venture. Exxon Mobil Corporation has a 69.6 percent interest in
Imperial Oil Limited. In 2021, the company’s share of net production of synthetic crude oil was about
62 thousand barrels per day and share of net acreage was about 55 thousand acres in the Athabasca oil
sands deposit.
Kearl Operations. Kearl is a joint venture established to recover shallow deposits of oil sands using
open-pit mining methods to extract the crude bitumen. Imperial Oil Limited holds a 70.96 percent
interest in the joint venture and ExxonMobil Canada Properties holds the other 29.04 percent. Exxon
Mobil Corporation has a 69.6 percent interest in Imperial Oil Limited and a 100 percent interest in
ExxonMobil Canada Properties. Kearl is comprised of six oil sands leases covering about 49 thousand
acres in the Athabasca oil sands deposit.
Kearl is located approximately 40 miles north of Fort McMurray, Alberta, Canada. Bitumen is extracted
from oil sands and processed through bitumen extraction and froth treatment trains. The product, a
blend of bitumen and diluent, is shipped to our refineries and to other third parties. Diluent is
natural gas condensate or other light hydrocarbons added to the crude bitumen to facilitate
transportation by pipeline and rail. During 2021, average net production at Kearl was about 251
thousand barrels per day.
During 2021, approximately 2.4 billion barrels of bitumen at Kearl were added to proved reserves
primarily as a result of an improved SEC price basis versus 2020.
 5. Present Activities 
 A. Wells Drilling 
 Year-End 2021 Year-End 2020 
 Gross Net Gross Net 
 Wells Drilling 
 Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 United States 1,059 588 1,206 741 
 Canada/Other Americas 44 33 38 29 
 Europe 2 1 13 6 
 Africa 11 2 14 3 
 Asia 11 3 14 4 
 Australia/Oceania — — — — 
 Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 1,127 627 1,285 783 
 Equity Companies 
 United States 12 — 3 1 
 Europe — — 1 1 
 Africa — — 6 1 
 Asia 2 1 2 1 
 Total Equity Companies 14 1 12 4 
 Total gross and net wells drilling 1,141 628 1,297 787 
 15 
 B. Review of Principal Ongoing Activities 
 UNITED STATES 
ExxonMobil’s year-end 2021 acreage holdings totaled 10.5 million net acres, of which 0.3 million net
acres were offshore. ExxonMobil was active in areas onshore and offshore in the lower 48 states and
in Alaska. Development activities continued on the Golden Pass liquefied natural gas export project.
During the year, a total of 449.4 net exploration and development wells were completed in the inland
lower 48 states. Development activities focused on liquids-rich opportunities in the onshore U.S.,
primarily in the Permian Basin of West Texas and New Mexico.
ExxonMobil’s net acreage in the Gulf of Mexico at year-end 2021 was 0.3 million acres. A total of 0.8
net exploration and development wells were completed during the year.
Participation in Alaska production and development continued with a total of 1.1 net development
wells completed.
 CANADA / OTHER AMERICAS 
Canada
Oil and Gas Operations: ExxonMobil’s year-end 2021 acreage holdings totaled 6.7 million net acres, of
which 3.9 million net acres were offshore. A total of 3.7 net development wells were completed during
the year.
In Situ Bitumen Operations: ExxonMobil’s year-end 2021 in situ bitumen acreage holdings totaled 0.6
million net onshore acres. A total of 12 net development wells at Cold Lake were completed during the
year.
Argentina
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 2.9 million acres, of which 2.6 million net acres were offshore at
year-end 2021. During the year, a total of 8.1 net development wells were completed.
Brazil
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 2.6 million offshore acres at year-end 2021. During the year, a
total of 1.4 net exploration wells were completed. The Bacalhau Phase 1 project was funded in 2021.
Guyana
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 4.6 million offshore acres at year-end 2021. During the year, a
total of 11 net exploration and development wells were completed. Development activities continued on
the Liza Phase 2 and Payara projects.
 EUROPE 
Germany
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 1.6 million onshore acres at year-end 2021. During the year, a total
of 0.3 net development well was completed.
Netherlands
ExxonMobil’s net interest in licenses totaled 1.4 million acres, of which 1.0 million acres were
onshore at year-end 2021. During the year, a total of 0.5 net development well was completed. In
2021, the Dutch Government further reduced Groningen gas extraction. The expectation is that
Groningen will cease regular production in 2022.
United Kingdom
ExxonMobil’s net interest in licenses totaled 0.1 million offshore acres at year-end 2021. During the
year, a total of 0.4 net development well was completed.
 16 
 AFRICA 
Angola
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 3.0 million acres, of which 2.9 million net acres were offshore at
year-end 2021. During the year, a total of 1.1 net development wells were completed.
Chad
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 46 thousand onshore acres at year-end 2021. In 2021, ExxonMobil
entered into an agreement to divest its assets in Chad. The transaction is expected to close in 2022.
Equatorial Guinea
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.1 million offshore acres at year-end 2021. In 2021, ExxonMobil
relinquished 0.4 million net offshore acres.
Mozambique
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 1.8 million offshore acres at year-end 2021. During the year, a
total of 1.5 net development wells were completed. Development activities continued on the Coral
South Floating LNG project.
Nigeria
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.9 million offshore acres at year-end 2021.
 ASIA 
Azerbaijan
ExxonMobil's net acreage totaled 7 thousand offshore acres at year-end 2021. During the year, a total
of 0.7 net development wells were completed.
Indonesia
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.1 million onshore acres at year-end 2021.
Iraq
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 36 thousand onshore acres at year-end 2021. Oil field rehabilitation
activities continued during 2021 and across the life of this project will include drilling of new
wells; working over of existing wells; and optimization, debottlenecking and expansion of facilities.
Kazakhstan
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 0.3 million acres, of which 0.2 million net acres were offshore at
year-end 2021. During the year, a total of 2 net development wells were completed. Development
activities continued on the Tengiz Expansion project.
Malaysia
ExxonMobil’s interests in production sharing contracts covered 0.2 million net acres offshore at
year-end 2021.
Qatar
Through our joint ventures with Qatar Energy, ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 65 thousand acres
offshore at year-end 2021. ExxonMobil participated in 62.2 million tonnes per year gross liquefied
natural gas capacity and 3.4 billion cubic feet per day of flowing gas capacity at year-end. During
the year, a total of 4.8 net development wells were completed. The North Field Production Sustainment
Integrated Drilling and Looping project was funded in 2021. Effective January 1, 2022, ExxonMobil no
longer participates in the Qatar Liquefied Gas Company Limited (QG1) venture, representing 3.6
thousand net acres and 9.9 million tonnes per year gross liquefied natural gas capacity.
Russia
ExxonMobil’s net acreage holdings in Sakhalin totaled 85 thousand offshore acres at year-end 2021.
During the year, a total of 0.9 net development wells were completed.
Thailand
ExxonMobil’s net onshore acreage in Thailand concessions totaled 16 thousand acres at year-end 2021.
During the year, a total of 0.2 development wells were completed.
 17 
United Arab Emirates
ExxonMobil’s net acreage in the Abu Dhabi offshore Upper Zakum oil concession was 81 thousand acres
at year-end 2021. During the year, a total of 0.6 net development wells were completed. Development
activities continued on the Upper Zakum 1 MBD Sustainment project.
 AUSTRALIA / OCEANIA 
Australia
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 1.8 million acres offshore and 10 thousand acres onshore at year-end
2021.
The co-venturer-operated Gorgon Jansz liquefied natural gas (LNG) development consists of a subsea
infrastructure for offshore production and transportation of the gas, a 15.6 million tonnes per year
LNG facility and a 280 million cubic feet per day domestic gas plant located on Barrow Island,
Western Australia. The Jansz-Io Compression project was funded in 2021. Development activities
continued on the Gorgon Stage 2 project during the year.
Papua New Guinea
ExxonMobil’s net acreage totaled 3.4 million acres, of which 1.2 million net acres were offshore at
year-end 2021. In 2021, ExxonMobil relinquished 2.1 million net offshore acres. The Papua New Guinea
(PNG) liquefied natural gas integrated development includes gas production and processing facilities
in the southern PNG Highlands, onshore and offshore pipelines, and a 6.9 million tonnes per year
liquefied natural gas facility near Port Moresby.
 WORLDWIDE EXPLORATION 
At year-end 2021, exploration activities were under way in several areas in which ExxonMobil has no
established production operations and thus are not included above. A total of 18.3 million net acres
were held at year-end 2021.
 6. Delivery Commitments 
ExxonMobil sells crude oil and natural gas from its producing operations under a variety of
contractual obligations, some of which may specify the delivery of a fixed and determinable quantity
for periods longer than one year. ExxonMobil also enters into natural gas sales contracts where the
source of the natural gas used to fulfill the contract can be a combination of our own production and
the spot market. Worldwide, we are contractually committed to deliver approximately 28 million
barrels of oil and 2,500 billion cubic feet of natural gas for the period from 2022 through 2024. We
expect to fulfill the majority of these delivery commitments with production from our proved
developed reserves. Any remaining commitments will be fulfilled with production from our proved
undeveloped reserves and purchases on the open market as necessary.
 18 
 7. Oil and Gas Properties, Wells, Operations and Acreage 
 A. Gross and Net Productive Wells 
 Year-End Year-End 
 2021 2020 
 Oil Gas Oil Gas 
 Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net 
 Gross and 
 Net 
 Producti… 
 Wells 
 Consolid… 
 Subsidia… 
 United 19,401 7,566 18,670 10,773 19,631 7,878 20,480 12,195 
 States 
 Canada/O… 4,656 4,548 3,209 1,247 4,754 4,644 3,276 1,275 
 Americas 
 Europe 439 116 441 207 559 126 487 221 
 Africa 1,102 416 24 10 1,141 432 26 10 
 Asia 1,038 333 137 80 974 310 132 78 
 Australi… 522 99 94 40 540 102 90 38 
 Total 
 Consolid… 27,158 13,078 22,575 12,357 27,599 13,492 24,491 13,817 
 Subsidia… 
 Equity 
 Companies 
 United 12,108 4,793 3,355 333 12,368 4,851 4,223 417 
 States 
 Europe 57 20 547 171 57 20 552 172 
 Asia 225 56 168 35 217 54 157 32 
 Total 
 Equity 12,390 4,869 4,070 539 12,642 4,925 4,932 621 
 Companies 
 Total 
 gross and 
 net 39,548 17,947 26,645 12,896 40,241 18,417 29,423 14,438 
 producti… 
 wells 
There were 23,645 gross and 20,528 net operated wells at year-end 2021 and 25,595 gross and 22,239
net operated wells at year-end 2020. The number of wells with multiple completions was 1,082 gross in
2021 and 1,067 gross in 2020.
 19 
 B. Gross and Net Developed Acreage 
 Year-End 2021 Year-End 2020 
 Gross Net Gross Net 
 -thousands of acres 
 Gross and Net Developed Acreage 
 Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 United States 12,180 7,503 12,834 7,971 
 Canada/Other Americas(1) 2,905 2,075 2,944 2,071 
 Europe 1,980 1,078 2,231 1,189 
 Africa 2,409 818 2,409 818 
 Asia 1,929 557 1,938 561 
 Australia/Oceania 3,242 1,067 3,262 1,068 
 Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 24,645 13,098 25,618 13,678 
 Equity Companies 
 United States 687 163 928 208 
 Europe 3,646 1,116 3,667 1,118 
 Asia 701 160 701 160 
 Total Equity Companies 5,034 1,439 5,296 1,486 
 Total gross and net developed acreage 29,679 14,537 30,914 15,164 
(1) Includes developed acreage in Other Americas of 490 gross and 311 net thousands of acres for 2021
and 2020.
Separate acreage data for oil and gas are not maintained because, in many instances, both are
produced from the same acreage.
 C. Gross and Net Undeveloped Acreage 
 Year-End 2021 Year-End 2020 
 Gross Net Gross Net 
 -thousands of acres 
 Gross and Net Undeveloped Acreage 
 Consolidated Subsidiaries 
 United States 6,751 2,807 6,969 2,967 
 Canada/Other Americas(1) 36,764 18,246 37,833 18,985 
 Europe 14,458 5,961 14,802 6,018 
 Africa 23,797 15,186 35,956 24,558 
 Asia 766 227 888 280 
 Australia/Oceania 8,638 4,112 12,971 6,265 
 Total Consolidated Subsidiaries 91,174 46,539 109,419 59,073 
 Equity Companies 
 United States 159 64 160 64 
 Europe 596 139 765 214 
 Africa 596 149 596 149 
 Asia — — — — 
 Total Equity Companies 1,351 352 1,521 427 
 Total gross and net undeveloped 92,525 46,891 110,940 59,500 
 acreage 
(1) Includes undeveloped acreage in Other Americas of 26,084 gross and 12,471 net thousands of acres
for 2021 and 2020.
 20 
ExxonMobil’s investment in developed and undeveloped acreage is comprised of numerous concessions,
blocks, and leases. The terms and conditions under which the Corporation maintains exploration and/or
production rights to the acreage are property-specific, contractually defined, and vary significantly
from property to property. Work programs are designed to ensure that the exploration potential of any
property is fully evaluated before expiration. In some instances, the Corporation may elect to
relinquish acreage in advance of the contractual expiration date if the evaluation process is
complete and there is not a business basis for extension. In cases where additional time may be
required to fully evaluate acreage, the Corporation has generally been successful in obtaining
extensions. The scheduled expiration of leases and concessions for undeveloped acreage over the next
three years is not expected to have a material adverse impact on the Corporation.
 D. Summary of Acreage Terms 
 UNITED STATES 
Oil and gas exploration and production rights are acquired from mineral interest owners through a
lease. Mineral interest owners include the Federal and State governments, as well as private mineral
interest owners. Leases typically have an exploration period ranging from one to ten years, and a
production period that normally remains in effect until production ceases. Under certain
circumstances, a lease may be held beyond its exploration term even if production has not commenced.
In some instances regarding private property, a “fee interest” is acquired where the underlying
mineral interests are owned outright.
 CANADA / OTHER AMERICAS 
Canada
Exploration licenses or leases in onshore areas are acquired for varying periods of time with
renewals or extensions possible. These licenses or leases entitle the holder to continue existing
licenses or leases upon completing specified work. In general, these license and lease agreements are
held as long as there is proven production capability on the licenses and leases. Exploration
licenses in offshore eastern Canada and the Beaufort Sea are held by work commitments of various
amounts and rentals. They are valid for a term of nine years. Offshore production licenses are valid
for 25 years, with rights of extension for continued production. Significant discovery licenses in
the offshore, relating to currently undeveloped discoveries, do not have a definite term.
Argentina
The Federal Hydrocarbon Law was amended in 2014. Pursuant to the amended law, the production term for
an onshore unconventional concession is 35 years, and 25 years for a conventional concession, with
unlimited 10-year extensions possible, once a field has been developed. In 2019, the government
granted three offshore exploration licenses, with terms of eight years, divided into two exploration
periods of four years, with an optional extension of five years for each license. Two onshore
exploration concessions were initially granted prior to the amendment and are governed under
Provincial Law with expiration terms through 2024.
Brazil
The exploration and production of oil and gas are governed by concession contracts and production
sharing contracts. Concession contracts provide for an exploration period of up to 8 years and a
production period of 27 years. Production sharing contracts provide for an exploration period of up
to 7 years and a production period of up to 28 years.
Guyana
The Petroleum (Exploration and Production) Act authorizes the government of Guyana to grant petroleum
prospecting and production licenses and to enter into petroleum agreements for the exploration and
production of hydrocarbons. Petroleum agreements provide for an exploration period of up to 10 years
and a production period of 20 years, with a 10-year extension.
 EUROPE 
Germany
Exploration concessions are granted for an initial maximum period of five years, with an unlimited
number of extensions up to three years each. Extensions are subject to specific minimum work
commitments. Production licenses are normally granted for 20 to 25 years with multiple possible
extensions subject to production on the license.
Netherlands
Under the Mining Law, effective January 1, 2003, exploration and production licenses for both onshore
and offshore areas are issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license. The term is based on
the period of time necessary to perform the activities for which the license is issued. License
conditions are stipulated in the license and are based on the Mining Law.
 21 
Production rights granted prior to January 1, 2003, remain subject to their existing terms, and
differ slightly for onshore and offshore areas. Onshore production licenses issued prior to 1988 were
indefinite; from 1988 they were issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license, ranging
from 35 to 45 years. Offshore production licenses issued before 1976 were issued for a fixed period
of 40 years; from 1976 they were again issued for a period as explicitly defined in the license,
ranging from 15 to 40 years.
United Kingdom
Acreage terms are fixed by the government and are periodically changed. For example, many of the
early licenses issued under the first four licensing rounds provided an initial term of six years
with relinquishment of at least one-half of the original area at the end of the initial term, subject
to extension for a further 40 years. At the end of any such 40-year term, licenses may continue in
producing areas until cessation of production; or licenses may continue in development areas for
periods agreed on a case-by-case basis until they become producing areas; or licenses terminate in
all other areas. The majority of traditional licenses currently issued have an initial exploration
term of four years with a second term extension of four years, and a final production term of 18
years, with a mandatory relinquishment of 50 percent of the acreage after the initial term and of all
acreage that is not covered by a development plan at the end of the second term.
 AFRICA 
Angola
Exploration and production activities are governed by either production sharing agreements or other
contracts with initial exploration terms ranging from three to four years with options to extend from
one to five years. The production periods range from 20 to 30 years, and the agreements generally
provide for negotiated extensions.
Chad
Exploration permits are issued for a period of five years, and are renewable for one or two further
five-year periods. The terms and conditions of the permits, including relinquishment obligations, are
specified in a negotiated convention. The production term is 30 years and in 2017 was extended by 20
years to 2050.
Equatorial Guinea
Exploration, development and production activities are governed by production sharing contracts
negotiated with the State Ministry of Mines and Hydrocarbons. The production period for crude oil is
30 years.
Mozambique
Exploration and production activities are generally governed by concession contracts with the
Government of the Republic of Mozambique, represented by the Ministry of Mineral Resources and
Energy. An interest in Area 4 offshore Mozambique was acquired in 2017. Terms for Area 4 are governed
by the Exploration and Production Concession Contract (EPCC) for Area 4 Offshore of the Rovuma Block.
The EPCC expires 30 years after an approved plan of development becomes effective for a given
discovery area.
In 2018, an interest was acquired in offshore blocks, A5-B, Z5-C and Z5-D. Terms for the three blocks
are governed by their respective EPCCs, with blocks Z5-C and Z5-D having an initial exploration phase
that expires in 2022 and block A5-B's initial exploration phase expiring in 2023 after being granted
a one-year extension. The EPCCs provide a development and production period that expires 30 years
after the approval of a plan of development.
Nigeria
Exploration and production activities in the deepwater offshore areas are typically governed by
production sharing contracts (PSCs) with the national oil company, the Nigerian National Petroleum
Corporation (NNPC). NNPC typically holds the underlying Oil Prospecting License (OPL) and any
resulting Oil Mining Lease (OML). The terms of the PSCs are generally 30 years, including a 10-year
exploration period (an initial exploration phase that can be divided into multiple optional periods)
covered by an OPL. Upon commercial discovery, an OPL may be converted to an OML. Partial
relinquishment is required under the PSC at the end of the 10-year exploration period, and OMLs have
a 20-year production period that may be extended, subject to the partial relinquishment provision of
the Petroleum Industry Act (PIA) enacted on August 16, 2021.
Some exploration activities are carried out in deepwater by joint ventures with local companies
holding interests in an OPL. OPLs in deepwater offshore areas are valid for 10 years, while in all
other areas the licenses are for five years. Demonstrating a commercial discovery is the basis for
conversion of an OPL to an OML.
 22 
OMLs granted prior to the 1969 Petroleum Act (i.e., under the Mineral Oils Act 1914, repealed by the
1969 Petroleum Act) were for 30 years onshore and 40 years in offshore areas and have been renewed,
effective December 1, 2008, for a further period of 20 years, with a further renewal option of 20
years. Operations under these pre-1969 OMLs are conducted under a joint venture agreement with NNPC
rather than a PSC. Commercial terms applicable to the existing joint venture oil production are
defined by the Petroleum Profits Tax Act.
OMLs granted under the 1969 Petroleum Act, which include all deepwater OMLs, have a maximum term of
20 years without distinction for onshore or offshore location and are renewable, upon 12-months
written notice, for another period of 20 years. OMLs not held by NNPC are also subject to a mandatory
50-percent relinquishment after the first 10 years of their duration.
 ASIA 
Azerbaijan
The production sharing agreement (PSA) for the development of the Azeri-Chirag-Gunashli field was
established for an initial period of 30 years starting from the PSA execution date in 1994. The PSA
was amended in September 2017 to extend the term by 25 years to 2049.
Indonesia
Exploration and production activities in Indonesia are generally governed by cooperation contracts,
usually in the form of a production sharing contract (PSC), negotiated with BPMIGAS, a government
agency established in 2002 to manage upstream oil and gas activities. In 2012, Indonesia’s
Constitutional Court ruled certain articles of law relating to BPMIGAS to be unconstitutional, but
stated that all existing PSCs signed with BPMIGAS should remain in force until their expiry, and the
functions and duties previously performed by BPMIGAS are to be carried out by the relevant Ministry
of the Government of Indonesia until the promulgation of a new oil and gas law. By presidential
decree, SKKMIGAS became the interim successor to BPMIGAS. The current PSCs have an exploration period
of six years, which can be extended once for a period of four years with a total contract period of
30 years including an exploitation period. PSC terms can be extended for a maximum of 20 years for
each extension with the approval of the government.
Iraq
Development and production activities in the state-owned oil and gas fields are governed by contracts
with regional oil companies of the Iraqi Ministry of Oil. An ExxonMobil affiliate entered into a
contract with Basra Oil Company of the Iraqi Ministry of Oil for the rights to participate in the
development and production activities of the West Qurna Phase I oil and gas field effective March 1,
2010. The term of the contract is 20 years with the right to extend for five years. The contract
provides for cost recovery plus per-barrel fees for incremental production above specified levels.
Kazakhstan
Onshore exploration and production activities are governed by the production license, exploration
license, and joint venture agreements negotiated with the Republic of Kazakhstan. Existing production
operations have a 40-year production period that commenced in 1993.
Offshore exploration and production activities are governed by a production sharing agreement
negotiated with the Republic of Kazakhstan. The exploration period is six years followed by separate
appraisal periods for each discovery. The production period for each discovery, which includes
development, is 20 years from the date of declaration of commerciality with the possibility of two
10-year extensions.
Malaysia
Production activities are governed by production sharing contracts (PSCs) negotiated with the
national oil company. The PSCs have production terms of 25 years. Extensions are generally subject to
the national oil company’s prior written approval.
Qatar
The State of Qatar grants gas production development project rights to develop and supply gas from
the offshore North Field to permit the economic development and production of gas reserves sufficient
to satisfy the gas and LNG sales obligations of these projects. The initial terms for these rights
generally extend for 25 years. Extensions and terms are subject to State of Qatar approval.
Russia
Terms for ExxonMobil’s Sakhalin acreage are fixed by the current production sharing agreement between
the Russian government and the Sakhalin-1 consortium, of which ExxonMobil is the operator.
 23 
Thailand
The Petroleum Act of 1971 allows production under ExxonMobil’s concessions for 30 years with a
10-year extension at terms generally prevalent at the time. In 2021, one concession was extended to
2031.
United Arab Emirates
An interest in the development and production activities of the offshore Upper Zakum field was
acquired in 2006. In 2017, the governing agreements were extended to 2051.
 AUSTRALIA / OCEANIA 
Australia
Exploration and production activities conducted offshore in Commonwealth waters are governed by
Federal legislation. Exploration permits are granted for an initial term of six years with two
possible five-year renewal periods. Retention leases may be granted for resources that are not
commercially viable at the time of application, but are expected to become commercially viable within
15 years. These are granted for periods of five years and renewals may be requested. Prior to July
1998, production licenses were granted initially for 21 years, with a further renewal of 21 years and
thereafter indefinitely, i.e., for the life of the field. Effective from July 1998, new production
licenses are granted indefinitely. In each case, a production license may be terminated if no
production operations have been carried on for five years.
Papua New Guinea
Exploration and production activities are governed by the Oil and Gas Act. Petroleum prospecting
licenses are granted for an initial term of six years with a five-year extension possible (an
additional extension of three years is possible in certain circumstances). Generally, a 50-percent
relinquishment of the license area is required at the end of the initial six-year term, if extended.
Petroleum development licenses are granted for an initial 25-year period. An extension for further
consecutive period(s) of up to 20 years may be granted at the Minister’s discretion. Petroleum
retention licenses may be granted for gas resources that are not commercially viable at the time of
application, but may become commercially viable within the maximum possible retention time of 15
years. Petroleum retention licenses are granted for five-year terms, and may be extended, at the
Minister’s discretion, twice for the maximum retention time of 15 years. Extensions of petroleum
retention licenses may be for periods of less than one year, renewable annually, if the Minister
considers at the time of extension that the resources could become commercially viable in less than
five years, provided that the total period of all extensions granted does not exceed 10 years.
 24 
Information with regard to the Downstream segment follows:
ExxonMobil’s Downstream segment manufactures, trades and sells petroleum products. The refining and
supply operations encompass a global network of manufacturing plants, transportation systems, and
distribution centers that provide a range of fuels, lubricants and other products and feedstocks to
our customers around the world.
 Refining Capacity At Year-End 2021 
 (1) 
 ExxonMobil ExxonMobil 
 Share KBD(2) Interest % 
 United States 
 Joliet Illinois 254 100 
 Baton Rouge Louisiana 521 100 
 Billings Montana 60 100 
 Baytown Texas 561 100 
 Beaumont Texas 369 100 
 Total United States 1,765 
 Canada 
 Strathcona Alberta 196 69.6 
 Nanticoke Ontario 113 69.6 
 Sarnia Ontario 119 69.6 
 Total Canada 428 
 Europe 
 Antwerp Belgium 307 100 
 Fos-sur-Mer France 133 82.9 
 Gravenchon France 244 82.9 
 Karlsruhe Germany 78 25 
 Trecate Italy 132 75.2 
 Rotterdam Netherlands 192 100 
 Fawley United Kingdom 262 100 
 Total Europe 1,348 
 Asia Pacific 
 Fujian China 67 25 
 Jurong/PAC Singapore 592 100 
 Sriracha Thailand 167 66 
 Total Asia Pacific 826 
 Middle East 
 Yanbu Saudi Arabia 200 50 
 Total Worldwide 4,567 
(1) Capacity data is based on 100 percent of rated refinery process unit stream-day capacities under
normal operating conditions, less the impact of shutdowns for regular repair and maintenance
activities, averaged over an extended period of time. The listing excludes refining capacity for a
minor interest held through equity securities in New Zealand, and the Laffan Refinery in Qatar for
which results are reported in the Upstream segment.
(2) Thousands of barrels per day (KBD). ExxonMobil share reflects 100 percent of atmospheric
distillation capacity in operations of ExxonMobil and majority-owned subsidiaries. For companies
owned 50 percent or less, ExxonMobil share is the greater of ExxonMobil’s interest or that portion of
distillation capacity normally available to ExxonMobil.
 25 
The marketing operations sell products and services throughout the world through our Exxon , Esso and
Mobil brands.
 Retail Sites At Year-End 2021 
 United States 
 Owned/leased — 
 Distributors/resellers 11,315 
 Total United States 11,315 
 Canada 
 Owned/leased — 
 Distributors/resellers 2,389 
 Total Canada 2,389 
 Europe 
 Owned/leased 197 
 Distributors/resellers 5,834 
 Total Europe 6,031 
 Asia Pacific 
 Owned/leased 566 
 Distributors/resellers 1,327 
 Total Asia Pacific 1,893 
 Latin America 
 Owned/leased — 
 Distributors/resellers 489 
 Total Latin America 489 
 Middle East/Africa 
 Owned/leased 223 
 Distributors/resellers 205 
 Total Middle East/Africa 428 
 Worldwide 
 Owned/leased 986 
 Distributors/resellers 21,559 
 Total Worldwide 22,545 
 26 
Information with regard to the Chemical segment follows:
ExxonMobil’s Chemical segment manufactures and sells petrochemicals. The Chemical business supplies
olefins, polyolefins, aromatics, and a wide variety of other petrochemicals.
 Chemical Complex Capacity At Year-End 2021 
 (1) 
 Ethylene Polyethyl… Polypropyl… Paraxylene ExxonMobil 
 Interest % 
 -millions 
 of metric 
 tons per 
 year 
 North 
 America 
 Baton Louisiana 1.1 1.3 0.5 — 100 
 Rouge 
 Baytown Texas 4.0 — 0.7 0.6 100 
 Beaumont Texas 0.9 1.7 — 0.3 100 
 Corpus Texas 0.9 0.7 — — 50 
 Christi 
 Mont Texas — 2.3 — — 100 
 Belvieu 
 Sarnia Ontario 0.3 0.5 — — 69.6 
 Total 
 North 7.2 6.5 1.2 0.9 
 America 
 Europe 
 Antwerp Belgium — 0.4 — — 100 
 Fife United 0.4 — — — 50 
 Kingdom 
 Gravenchon France 0.4 0.4 0.3 — 100 
 Meerhout Belgium — 0.5 — — 100 
 Rotterdam Netherlands — — — 0.7 100 
 Total 0.8 1.3 0.3 0.7 
 Europe 
 Middle 
 East 
 Al Jubail Saudi 0.7 0.7 — — 50 
 Arabia 
 Yanbu Saudi 1.0 0.7 0.2 — 50 
 Arabia 
 Total 
 Middle 1.7 1.4 0.2 — 
 East 
 Asia 
 Pacific 
 Fujian China 0.3 0.2 0.2 0.2 25 
 Singapore Singapore 1.9 1.9 0.9 1.8 100 
 Sriracha Thailand — — — 0.5 66 
 Total Asia 2.2 2.1 1.1 2.5 
 Pacific 
 Total 11.9 11.2 2.8 4.1 
 Worldwide 
(1) Capacity reflects 100 percent for operations of ExxonMobil and majority-owned subsidiaries. For
companies owned 50 percent or less, capacity is ExxonMobil’s interest.
Due to rounding, numbers presented above may not add up precisely to the totals indicated.
 27 
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ ITEM 3. │
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ LEGAL PROCEEDINGS │
ExxonMobil has elected to use a $1 million threshold for disclosing environmental proceedings.
Refer to the relevant portions of “Note 16: Litigation and Other Contingencies” of the Financial
Section of this report for additional information on legal proceedings.
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ ITEM 4. │
╭─ • ───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────╮
│ MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES │
Not applicable.
 28 
 Information about our Executive Officers 
(positions and ages as of February 23, 2022)
 Darren W. Woods 
 Held current title since: 
 Mr. Darren W. Woods became a Director and 
 President of Exxon Mobil Corporation on 
 January 1, 2016, and Chairman of the 
 Board and Chief Executive Officer of 
 Exxon Mobil Corporation on January 1, 
 2017, positions he continues to hold as Chairman of the Board 
 of this filing date. January 1, 2017 Age: 57 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Neil A. Chapman Senior Vice President 
 Held current title since: January 1, 2018 Age: 59 
 Mr. Neil A. Chapman was President of 
 ExxonMobil Chemical Company and Vice 
 President of Exxon Mobil Corporation 
 January 1, 2015 – December 31, 2017. He 
 became Senior Vice President of Exxon 
 Mobil Corporation on January 1, 2018, a 
 position he continues to hold as of this 
 filing date. 
 Kathryn A. Mikells Senior Vice President and Chief Financial 
 Officer 
 Held current title since: August 9, 2021 Age: 56 
 Ms. Kathryn A. Mikells was Chief 
 Financial Officer and a member of the 
 board of directors of Diageo plc 
 November 2015 – June 2021. Prior to that 
 time, she held Chief Financial Officer 
 positions at Xerox, ADT, Nalco, and 
 United Airlines, where she also served 
 as Vice President of Investor Relations 
 and Treasurer. She became Senior Vice 
 President and Chief Financial Officer of 
 Exxon Mobil Corporation on August 9, 
 2021, positions she continues to hold as 
 of this filing date. 
 Jack P. Williams, Jr. Senior Vice President 
 Held current title since: June 1, 2014 Age: 58 
 Mr. Jack P. Williams, Jr. became Senior 
 Vice President of Exxon Mobil 
 Corporation on June 1, 2014, a position 
 he continues to hold as of this filing 
 date. 
 Ian S. Carr Vice President 
 Held current title since: September 1, 2020 Age: 58 
 Mr. Ian S. Carr was Vice President, 
 Strategy and Planning, ExxonMobil 
 Refining & Supply Company May 1, 2014 – 
 July 31, 2017. He was Vice President, 
 Upstream Strategy and Planning, 
 ExxonMobil Gas & Power Marketing Company 
 August 1, 2017 – March 31, 2019. He was 
 Vice President, Strategy and Portfolio 
 Management, ExxonMobil Upstream Business 
 Development Company April 1, 2019 – 
 September 30, 2019. He was Senior Vice 
 President, Fuels, ExxonMobil Fuels & 
 Lubricants Company October 1, 2019 – 
 August 31, 2020. He became President of 
 ExxonMobil Fuels & Lubricants Company 
 and Vice President of Exxon Mobil 
 Corporation on September 1, 2020, 
 positions he continues to hold as of 
 this filing date. 
 Vice President 
 Linda D. DuCharme President, ExxonMobil Integrated 
 Solutions Company 
 Held current title since: July 1, 2020, and April 1, 2019, Age: 57 
 respectively 
 Ms. Linda D. DuCharme was President of 
 ExxonMobil Global Services Company 
 August 1, 2016 – March 31, 2019. She 
 became President of ExxonMobil Upstream 
 Integrated Solutions Company April 1, 
 2019, and President of ExxonMobil 
 Upstream Business Development Company 
 and Vice President of Exxon Mobil 
 Corporation on July 1, 2020, positions 
 she continues to hold as of this filing 
 date. 
 Len M. Fox Vice President and Controller 
 Held current title since: March 1, 2021 Age: 58 
 Mr. Len M. Fox was Vice President, 
 Chemical Business Services and 
 Treasurer, ExxonMobil Chemical Company 
 June 1, 2015 – January 31, 2020. He was 
 Assistant Treasurer of Exxon Mobil 
 Corporation February 1, 2020 – December 
 31, 2020. Following a special 
 assignment, he became Vice President and 
 Controller of Exxon Mobil Corporation on 
 March 1, 2021, positions he continues to 
 hold as of this filing date. 
 29 
 Jon M. Gibbs 
 Held current title since: 
 Mr. Jon M. Gibbs was Vice President, Asia 
 Pacific and Middle East, ExxonMobil 
 Development Company January 1, 2016 – 
 January 14, 2019. He was Upstream 
 Organization Design Team Lead, ExxonMobil 
 Development Company January 15, 2019 – 
 March 31, 2019. He was President, 
 ExxonMobil Global Services Company April 
 1, 2019 – June 30, 2020. He was Senior 
 Vice President, Global Project Delivery, 
 ExxonMobil Global Projects Company July 
 1, 2020 – March 31, 2021. He became 
 President of ExxonMobil Global Projects President, ExxonMobil Global Projects 
 Company on April 1, 2021, a position he Company 
 continues to hold as of this filing date. April 1, 2021 Age: 50 
 ─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────── 
 Stephen A. Littleton Vice President – Investor Relations and 
 Secretary 
 Held current title since: March 15, 2020 Age: 56 
 Mr. Stephen A. Littleton was Assistant 
 Controller of Exxon Mobil Corporation 
 June 1, 2015 – April 30, 2018. He was 
 Vice President, Downstream Business 
 Services and Downstream Controller May 
 1, 2018 – March 14, 2020. He became Vice 
 President – Investor Relations and 
 Secretary of Exxon Mobil Corporation on 
 March 15, 2020, positions he continues 
 to hold as of this filing date. 
 Liam M. Mallon Vice President 
 Held current title since: April 1, 2019 Age: 59 
 Mr. Liam M. Mallon was President of 
 ExxonMobil Development Company January 
 1, 2017 – March 31, 2019. He became 
 President of ExxonMobil Upstream Oil & 
 Gas Company and Vice President of Exxon 
 Mobil Corporation on April 1, 2019, 
 positions he continues to hold as of 
 this filing date. 
 Karen T. McKee Vice President 
 Held current title since: April 1, 2019 Age: 55 
 Ms. Karen T. McKee was Vice President, 
 Basic Chemicals, ExxonMobil Chemical 
 Company May 1, 2014 – July 31, 2017. She 
 was Senior Vice President, Basic 
 Chemicals, Integration & Growth, 
 ExxonMobil Chemical Company August 1, 
 2017 – March 31, 2019. She became 
 President of ExxonMobil Chemical Company 
 and Vice President of Exxon Mobil 
 Corporation on April 1, 2019, positions 
 she continues to hold as of this filing 
 date. 
 Craig S. Morford Vice President and General Counsel 
 Held current title since: November 1, 2020 Age: 63 
 Mr. Craig S. Morford was Chief Legal and 
 Compliance Officer of Cardinal Heath, 
 Inc. prior to joining Exxon Mobil 
 Corporation in May 2019. He was Deputy 
 General Counsel of Exxon Mobil 
 Corporation May 1, 2019 – October 31, 
 2020. He became Vice President and 
 General Counsel of Exxon Mobil 
 Corporation on November 1, 2020, 
 positions he continues to hold as of 
 this filing date. 
 James M. Spellings, Jr. Vice President, Treasurer and General Tax 
 Counsel 
 March 1, 2010 (Vice President and General 
 Held current title since: Tax Counsel) Age: 60 
 April 1, 2020 (Treasurer) 
 Mr. James M. Spellings, Jr. became Vice 
 President and General Tax Counsel of 
 Exxon Mobil Corporation on March 1, 
 2010, and Treasurer of Exxon Mobil 
 Corporation on April 1, 2020, positions 
 he continues to hold as of this filing 
 date. 
 Theodore J. Wojnar, Jr. Vice President – Corporate Strategic 
 Planning 
 Held current title since: August 1, 2017 Age: 62 
 Mr. Theodore J. Wojnar, Jr. was 
 President of ExxonMobil Research and 
 Engineering Company April 1, 2011 – July 
 31, 2017. He became Vice President – 
 Corporate Strategic Planning of Exxon 
 Mobil Corporation on August 1, 2017, a 
 position he continues to hold as of this 
 filing date. 
Officers are generally elected by the Board of Directors at its meeting on the day of each annual
election of directors, with each such officer serving until a successor has been elected and
qualified. The above-named officers are required to file reports under Section 16 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.
 30